<think>
Okay, let's see. The task is to extract all participants from the given input text. The example provided shows that participants include entities like people, organizations, places, and maybe even things like "engine" or "airport" if they're part of the action. 

Looking at the example input about the plane emergency landing, the output includes things like "Plane", "A plane", "the aircraft", "engine", "airport", "Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", "Farnborough", "England", "Lusa", "Public Security Police", "Jota Aviation", "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", "source", "the same source", and "website." So it seems like they're capturing both specific named entities and more general terms related to the event.

Now, the new input is: "The man's body was transported to the Legal Medicine service in Leiria, where it will be autopsied and the Judiciary Police are investigating the circumstances of his death."

First, I need to identify all participants here. Let's break it down.

"The man's body" – the body is the subject here, but the man himself might be considered a participant. However, the example included "the aircraft" and "the plane" as participants, so maybe the body is included here. But the man's body is the subject, but the man is deceased, so maybe just "the man's body" is considered. However, the example had "the aircraft" and "the plane" as separate entries. Wait, in the example, "the aircraft" and "the plane" are both listed. So maybe even if it's the same thing, different mentions are considered separate.

Next, "Legal Medicine service" – that's an organization, so that's a participant. "Leiria" is a place, so that's included. "Judiciary Police" is an organization, so that's another participant. The action is about transporting the body and investigating the death. The example also included "source" and "the same source", so maybe "the Judiciary Police" is a participant here. 

Wait, in the example, "the same source" was included. Here, "the Judiciary Police" is mentioned once. So maybe "Judiciary Police" is the participant. Also, "Legal Medicine service" is another organization. 

Are there any other entities? The man's body is a participant, but the example included "the aircraft" and "the plane" as separate entries. So maybe "the man's body" is a participant here. Also, the "circumstances of his death" – but that's more of a concept, not a participant. 

So compiling the list:

- The man's body
- Legal Medicine service
- Leiria
- Judiciary Police

Wait, the example also included "the airports" as a participant. In this case, "the Legal Medicine service" is a specific entity, so that's included. "Leiria" is a place. "Judiciary Police" is an organization. 

But maybe "the man" is also a participant? The example didn't include the man, but in the input, it's "the man's body". However, the example included "the aircraft" and "the plane" as participants. So maybe "the man's body" is considered a participant here. 

But the example output included "the airports" as a participant. So in this case, "the Legal Medicine service" is a specific entity, so that's included. "Leiria" is a place. "Judiciary Police" is an organization. 

So the output would be:

["The man's body", "Legal Medicine service", "Leiria", "Judiciary Police"]

Wait, but in the example, "the airports" was included. Here, "the Legal Medicine service" is a singular entity, but maybe "the Legal Medicine service" is considered as a participant. Also, "the Judiciary Police" is a specific entity. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The input mentions transporting the body to the Legal Medicine service in Leiria, and the Judiciary Police are investigating. So the participants are the body, the service, the place, and the police. That seems right.
</think>

["The man's body", "Legal Medicine service", "Leiria", "Judiciary Police"]