<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about a man's body being transported to a service in Leiria for an autopsy, with the Judiciary Police investigating. The participants to classify are "The man's body", "Legal Medicine service", "Leiria", and "Judiciary Police".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had entries like "airport" classified as Facility, "Lisbon" as a capital city (Pl_capital), and "source" as Person. Wait, but in the example, "source" was classified as Person, even though it's a role. Hmm, maybe "source" here refers to a person, like a reporter or official.

Now, looking at the current input. Let's go through each participant:

1. "The man's body": This is a physical object, so Object (Obj). Even though it's a body, it's still an object in this context, not a person since the person is deceased and the body is the object being transported.

2. "Legal Medicine service": This sounds like a facility or an organization. The term "service" might indicate an organization, like a department or agency. In the example, "airline Jota Aviation" was classified as Org. So "Legal Medicine service" is likely an Organization (Org).

3. "Leiria": This is a city in Portugal. So it's a Location. But in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as Pl_capital (probably a place with a specific type). However, the classes here don't have subcategories like Pl_capital. Wait, looking back at the example output, they used "Pl_capital" as a class. Wait, but the original classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Wait, maybe the example had some subcategories, but the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. Wait, the user's instruction says:

Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other

So the example might have used subcategories like Pl_capital, but the actual classes are the main ones. Wait, but in the example output, they have entries like "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital", but that's not one of the main classes. Wait, maybe that was a mistake. Wait, the user provided an example where the output had classes like "Pl_capital", but the actual classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example had a typo or used a different classification system. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. So maybe the example was incorrect, and we should follow the main classes.

Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the example might have had some errors, but we need to follow these classes. Therefore, "Leiria" is a Location (Loc), not a subcategory. Similarly, "Farnborough" in the example was classified as Pl_civil, but that's not part of the main classes. So perhaps the example was using a different system, but the user wants us to use the main classes.

So, for the current task:

- "Leiria" is a Location (Loc).

- "Judiciary Police": This is an organization, so Org. Like "Public Security Police" in the example was classified as Org.

So putting it all together:

["The man's body", "Obj"], ["Legal Medicine service", "Org"], ["Leiria", "Loc"], ["Judiciary Police", "Org"]

I need to make sure there are no other classifications. Let me check again:

- "The man's body" is definitely an object.

- "Legal Medicine service" is a service, which is an organization.

- "Leiria" is a location.

- "Judiciary Police" is an organization.

Yes, that seems right.
</think>

[["The man's body", "Obj"], ["Legal Medicine service", "Org"], ["Leiria", "Loc"], ["Judiciary Police", "Org"]]