<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, I'll look at the input sentence: "Segundo a fonte, o elemento masculino do casal teria uma relação amorosa com a vítima." Translating that to English for clarity: "According to the source, the male element of the couple would have a romantic relationship with the victim."

Now, the participants to classify are ["a fonte", "o elemento masculino do casal", "a vítima"]. 

Starting with "a fonte" (the source). In the context of the sentence, "fonte" typically refers to a person or entity providing information. However, since it's not specified as a person's name or an organization, but just "a source," it might be considered as a Person. But wait, the classes include "Other" as a fallback. However, in the example provided earlier, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person). So maybe here it's also "Per".

Next, "o elemento masculino do casal" (the male element of the couple). This seems to refer to a person, specifically a male individual in a couple. So that should be "Person" (Per).

Lastly, "a vítima" (the victim). The victim is a person, so that's also "Person" (Per).

Wait, but the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "a fonte" could be a Person if it's an individual, but if it's an organization or another entity, it might be different. However, in the example given, "fonte" was classified as "Per", so I think that's the right approach here. 

So the classifications would be:
- "a fonte" → Person (Per)
- "o elemento masculino do casal" → Person (Per)
- "a vítima" → Person (Per)

I need to make sure there's no other possible classification. For example, "elemento" could be an object, but in this context, it's part of a couple, so it's a person. "Vítima" is definitely a person. "Fonte" is a person here, not an organization unless specified otherwise. So all three are Persons.
</think>

[["a fonte", "Per"], ["o elemento masculino do casal", "Per"], ["a vítima", "Per"]]