<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is about the SIC (Serviço de investigação Criminal) stopping a trafficking attempt of three children from the DRCongo in Dundo, Lunda Norte province, Angola. The participants are the entities mentioned.

Starting with "Serviço de investigação Criminal (SIC)" – that's an organization, probably a government agency. So class "Organization".

Next, "República Democrática do Congo (RDCongo)" – that's a country, so "Location" or maybe "Pl_country"? Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. Since it's a country, "Location" makes sense.

"três crianças da República Democrática do Congo (RDCongo)" – this refers to three children, which are people. So "Person".

"cidade do Dundo" – a city, which is a location. So "Location".

"província angolana da Lunda Norte" – a province, part of a country, so "Location".

"as autoridades angolanas" – authorities, which are people in a governmental role. So "Person".

Wait, but sometimes "autoridades" could be considered an organization. Hmm. But the example given in the task had "fonte" (source) as "Per" (Person) and "a mesma fonte" as "Per" as well. So maybe "as autoridades angolanas" is a group of people, hence "Person".

Let me check the example again. In the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was classified as "Org", but "fonte" was "Per". So "autoridades" might be considered as a group of people, hence "Person".

So compiling all:

1. "Serviço de investigação Criminal (SIC)" → Org
2. "República Democrática do Congo (RDCongo)" → Location
3. "três crianças da República Democrática do Congo (RDCongo)" → Person
4. "cidade do Dundo" → Location
5. "província angolana da Lunda Norte" → Location
6. "as autoridades angolanas" → Person

I think that's it. Let me make sure I didn't miss any other possible classifications. The "três crianças" are people, so Person. The country and locations are all Location. The SIC is an organization. The authorities are people. Yes, that seems right.
</think>

[["Serviço de investigação Criminal (SIC)", "Org"], ["República Democrática do Congo (RDCongo)", "Location"], ["três crianças da República Democrática do Congo (RDCongo)", "Person"], ["cidade do Dundo", "Location"], ["província angolana da Lunda Norte", "Location"], ["as autoridades angolanas", "Person"]]