<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "The note also states that the owner was identified and 'an administrative offense notice' was drawn up." The participants to classify are ["the owner", "an administrative offense notice"].

First, I need to determine the classes for each entity. The classes available are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "the owner". The term "owner" typically refers to a person, especially in contexts like property or assets. Since the sentence mentions the owner was identified, it's likely referring to an individual, so "Person" seems appropriate here.

Next, "an administrative offense notice". This sounds like a formal document or notice issued by an authority, perhaps a government agency. Since it's a type of notice, it's not a person or organization but a document. However, looking at the classes, "Object" might be the best fit here. Alternatively, if there's a class for documents, but since "Other" is an option, maybe that's better. Wait, the classes given don't have a specific "Document" category. The closest might be "Object" or "Other". But "administrative offense notice" is a type of legal document, which could be considered an object in this context. However, the example provided in the task had "website." classified as "Loc", which seems off. Wait, in the example, "website." was classified as "Loc", but that might be an error. However, following the example's structure, maybe "administrative offense notice" is an "Object" or "Other". 

Wait, looking back at the example, "Lusa." was classified as "Org" (Organization), which makes sense as Lusa is a news agency. "source" and "the same source" were classified as "Per" (Person), which is correct if the source is a person. "website." was classified as "Loc", which seems incorrect, but maybe the example has some inconsistencies. However, I need to follow the given classes strictly.

In the given input, "administrative offense notice" is a document, which isn't one of the standard classes. The closest might be "Other" if none of the other classes fit. But "Object" could also be considered as a generic category for items. However, in the example, "engine" was classified as "Obj", so maybe "administrative offense notice" is an "Object" here. Alternatively, if "notice" is a type of document, maybe "Other" is more appropriate. But without a specific class for documents, "Object" might be the best fit. However, I need to check if "notice" is considered an object. 

Alternatively, "administrative offense notice" could be considered a type of legal document, which might be classified under "Other" if "Object" is reserved for physical objects. But the example had "engine" as "Obj", which is a physical object. "Notice" is a document, which is intangible, so maybe "Other" is better. However, the example classified "website." as "Loc", which is confusing. But perhaps the user expects "administrative offense notice" to be "Other" since it's a document, not a person, organization, location, etc.

So, "the owner" is a Person, and "an administrative offense notice" is Other.
</think>

[["the owner", "Per"], ["an administrative offense notice", "Other"]]