<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Segundo a PSP, 16 pessoas receberam assistência médica no local, devido à inalação de fumo, não carecendo, contudo, de transporte a qualquer unidade hospitalar."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the PSP (Polícia de Segurança Pública), the 16 people who received medical assistance, the medical staff or the local medical services (since they provided assistance), and possibly the hospital units, even though the text says they didn't need transportation. However, the hospitals might not be directly involved in the event but are mentioned as the destination. 

Wait, the text says "não carecendo, contudo, de transporte a qualquer unidade hospitalar," which means they didn't need to be transported to any hospital. So the hospitals aren't participants here because the people didn't go there. So maybe the medical assistance was provided on-site, so the local medical team or the PSP's medical services? But the text doesn't specify who provided the assistance. It just says "assistência médica no local." 

So the entities mentioned are "a PSP," "16 pessoas," and "unidade hospitalar." But the hospitals aren't participants because the people didn't go there. However, the "unidade hospitalar" is mentioned as a possible destination, but since they didn't need to go, maybe it's not a participant. 

Wait, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The hospitals are not involved here, just referenced as a possible place. So maybe they aren't participants. 

So the main participants are the PSP (since they reported the incident), the 16 people who received medical help, and the medical services that provided the assistance. But the text doesn't explicitly mention the medical services, only that assistance was given. So maybe "assistência médica" is an action, not an entity. 

So the entities would be "a PSP," "16 pessoas," and maybe "assistência médica" as a service, but the example output didn't include services. Looking at the example given earlier, they included entities like "Avião," "o motor," "aeroporto," etc. So in this case, "assistência médica" might not be an entity but an action. 

So the participants are "a PSP," "16 pessoas," and "unidade hospitalar" (but the latter is not a participant since they weren't involved). Wait, the example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte," which were references to the source. So maybe "a PSP" is a participant as the source, and the 16 people are the ones affected. 

So the list would be: "a PSP," "16 pessoas," and maybe "unidade hospitalar" if we consider it as a potential participant, but the text says they didn't need to go there. So perhaps not. 

Also, the number "16 pessoas" is a group, so that's a participant. The "PSP" is an organization. The "assistência médica" might be a service provided by someone, but since the entity isn't named, maybe it's not included. 

So the final list would be ["a PSP", 0.9], ["16 pessoas", 0.8]. Maybe "assistência médica" as a service, but the example didn't include such terms. Alternatively, if "assistência médica" is considered an entity, but I think it's more of an action. 

Wait, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte," which are references to the source. So in this case, "a PSP" is the source, so that's a participant. The 16 people are the ones affected. 

I think that's it. So the JSON array would be those two entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["a PSP", 0.9], ["16 pessoas", 0.8]]