<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input sentence: "A PSP deu conhecimento deste caso à Polícia Judiciária, que prosseguirá com a respetiva investigação." 

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "PSP" and "Polícia Judiciária". The PSP (Polícia de Segurança Pública) is mentioned as the one giving knowledge of the case. The Polícia Judiciária is the recipient and will continue the investigation. 

I need to check if there are any other entities. The sentence mentions "este caso" (this case), but "case" is more of a situation rather than a participant. "Respetiva investigação" refers to the investigation, which is an action, not an entity. 

So the participants are PSP and Polícia Judiciária. Now, confidence scores. Since both are explicitly named and are official organizations, I can be quite confident. Maybe 0.95 for each. 

Wait, the example output had repeated entries. For instance, "Avião" and "o motor" appeared multiple times. But in this case, "PSP" and "Polícia Judiciária" are mentioned once each. However, in the example, even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles (like "o motor" and "um motor"), they were listed separately. So here, "A PSP" and "PSP" might be considered the same entity, but in the input, it's "A PSP" and "à Polícia Judiciária". However, the example included "PSP" and "Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entries. Wait, in the example, the input had "PSP" and "Polícia de Segurança Pública" as different mentions. But in our current input, "PSP" is mentioned once as "A PSP" and "Polícia Judiciária" once as "à Polícia Judiciária". 

But the example output included "PSP" and "Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entries. Wait, looking back at the example input, the output had entries like "PSP" and "Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entities. So maybe in this case, "A PSP" and "PSP" are the same entity, but since the input uses "A PSP", maybe it's considered as "PSP" with the article. However, the example included "A PSP" as a separate entry. Wait, in the example input, the output had entries like "A PSP" and "PSP" as separate entries. Wait, no, looking at the example input, the output included "PSP" and "Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entries. Wait, the example input had "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte", so "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were included. 

So in our current input, "A PSP" and "Polícia Judiciária" are the two entities. The user might expect both to be listed. Let me check the example again. The example output included "fonte", "a mesma fonte", etc., even if they refer to the same entity. So maybe even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles or pronouns, they are listed as separate entries. 

Therefore, in this case, "A PSP" and "PSP" would be considered different mentions, but in the input, it's only "A PSP" once. Wait, the input is "A PSP deu conhecimento... à Polícia Judiciária". So "A PSP" is the subject, and "Polícia Judiciária" is the object. So the entities are "PSP" and "Polícia Judiciária". 

But in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were both included. So even if they refer to the same entity, they are listed separately. Therefore, in this case, "A PSP" and "PSP" might be considered as the same entity, but since the input only has "A PSP", maybe it's just "PSP" as the entity. Wait, but the input uses "A PSP", which is the definite article, but the entity is "PSP". However, in the example, "A PSP" was included as an entity. For example, in the example input, "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte" were included as separate entries. So maybe in this case, "A PSP" is considered an entity, and "PSP" is another. Wait, but "A PSP" is just the definite article plus the entity. However, in the example, "A PSP" was included as an entity. 

Wait, looking at the example output, the entries include "PSP" and "Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entities. For instance, in the example input, the output had "PSP" and "Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entries. So maybe in this case, "A PSP" is considered as "PSP" with the article, but the example includes "A PSP" as an entity. Wait, the example input had "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte", which were included as separate entries. So perhaps even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles or pronouns, they are listed as separate entries. Therefore, in the current input, "A PSP" and "PSP" would be considered different entries. But in the input, it's only "A PSP", so maybe just "A PSP" is the entity. Wait, but the example output included "PSP" and "Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entries. So maybe "PSP" is the acronym, and "Polícia de Segurança Pública" is the full name. But in the input, it's only "PSP" once. 

Hmm, this is a bit confusing. Let me check the example again. The example input had "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles or pronouns, they are listed as separate entities. Therefore, in this case, "A PSP" and "PSP" would be considered different entries. However, in the input, it's only "A PSP", so maybe "A PSP" is the only mention. Wait, but the input is "A PSP deu conhecimento...", so the entity is "PSP" with the article. But in the example, "A PSP" was included as an entity. So perhaps in this case, "A PSP" is the entity. However, the example output included "PSP" and "Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entries. Wait, in the example input, the output had "PSP" and "Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entries. But in the input, "PSP" is an acronym, and "Polícia de Segurança Pública" is the full name. So maybe in this case, "PSP" is the acronym, and "Polícia de Segurança Pública" is the full name. But in the current input, it's only "PSP" once. 

Wait, the current input is "A PSP deu conhecimento deste caso à Polícia Judiciária, que prosseguirá com a respetiva investigação." So the entities are "PSP" and "Polícia Judiciária". The "PSP" is mentioned once as "A PSP", and "Polícia Judiciária" is mentioned once as "à Polícia Judiciária". So the participants are "A PSP" and "Polícia Judiciária". 

But in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were included as separate entries. So even if they refer to the same entity, they are listed separately. Therefore, in this case, "A PSP" and "PSP" would be considered different entries if they were both present. However, in this input, it's only "A PSP". So the entity is "A PSP" with confidence 0.95. Then "Polícia Judiciária" is another entity with confidence 0.95. 

Wait, but the example output included "PSP" and "Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entries. So maybe the user expects both the acronym and the full name to be included if present. However, in the current input, only the acronym "PSP" is used. Therefore, the entities are "A PSP" and "Polícia Judiciária". 

So the final output would be:

[["A PSP", 0.95], ["Polícia Judiciária", 0.95]]

But I need to check if "PSP" is considered an entity on its own. In the example, "PSP" was included as an entity. Wait, in the example input, the output had "PSP" and "Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entries. So if the input has "PSP" as an acronym, it's included as an entity. In this case, the input has "A PSP", which is the definite article plus the acronym. But the example included "A PSP" as an entity. So perhaps "A PSP" is the entity here. 

Alternatively, maybe the user wants the entity names without articles. For example, in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were included, but the entity is "fonte" in both cases. However, the example output included both. So maybe the user wants all mentions, even with articles. Therefore, in this case, "A PSP" and "Polícia Judiciária" are the two entities. 

Therefore, the answer should be:

[["A PSP", 0.95], ["Polícia Judiciária", 0.95]]
</think>

[["A PSP", 0.95], ["Polícia Judiciária", 0.95]]