<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "A estrutura atingiu ainda o funcionário de umas bombas de gasolina, que sofreu ferimentos ligeiros." The participants to classify are ["A estrutura", "o funcionário", "umas bombas de gasolina"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had classifications like "Obj" for objects, "Fac" for facilities, "Pl_capital" for locations like cities, etc. 

Starting with "A estrutura". The word "estrutura" translates to "structure" in English. In the context of the sentence, it's something that hit the employee. Since it's a structure, that's likely an object. So "Obj".

Next, "o funcionário". "Funcionário" means "employee" or "worker", which is a person. So that's "Per".

Then "umas bombas de gasolina". "Bombas de gasolina" are gas pumps. These are facilities or objects. But in the example, "aeroporto" was classified as "Fac" (facility). However, "bombas de gasolina" are more like objects, maybe part of a facility. Wait, but in the example, "aeroporto" was "Fac", so maybe "bombas de gasolina" would be "Fac" if they are part of a gas station. But the term here is "bombas de gasolina" which are the pumps themselves. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe they are considered objects. But in the example, "aeroporto" was a facility. However, "bombas de gasolina" might be part of a facility (like a gas station), but the term here is just the pumps. So perhaps "Obj" for objects. Wait, but in the example, "a aeronave" was "Obj", so maybe "bombas de gasolina" would be "Obj" as well. But I need to check if there's a specific class for facilities. The classes include "Facility", so if "bombas de gasolina" are part of a facility (like a gas station), but the term here is just the pumps. Alternatively, maybe "bombas de gasolina" are considered objects. I think "Obj" is more appropriate here. So "umas bombas de gasolina" would be "Obj".

Wait, but in the example, "aeroporto" was "Fac", so maybe "bombas de gasolina" are part of a facility. But the term here is "bombas de gasolina" which is the pumps themselves. So maybe "Obj". Alternatively, if "bombas de gasolina" are considered as a facility, but I think that's stretching it. So I'll go with "Obj" for "umas bombas de gasolina".

So the classifications would be:

["A estrutura", "Obj"], ["o funcionário", "Per"], ["umas bombas de gasolina", "Obj"].

I need to make sure there's no other possible class. "Nature" is for natural elements, which doesn't fit here. "Location" would be places, but these are not places. "Organization" is for companies, which they aren't. "Other" is for none of the above, but I think "Obj" and "Per" are correct here.
</think>

[["A estrutura", "Obj"], ["o funcionário", "Per"], ["umas bombas de gasolina", "Obj"]]