<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a quote from a municipality expressing that a company has ordered an internal investigation into an accident and is available to cooperate with the authorities, while also expressing condolences to the deceased's family.

The participants to classify are: "a empresa", "o município", "as autoridades", "a sua família".

Now, applying the given classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Also, in the example, some locations were classified with specific subtypes like Pl_capital, Pl_civil, etc., but maybe here we just use the main classes unless specified. Wait, the example output used "Pl_capital" which is a location type, but the classes listed are more general. Hmm, maybe the example had more detailed subcategories, but the user's instruction says to use the classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So I should stick to those main classes unless the example shows otherwise. Wait, looking back at the example output, they used "Pl_capital" which might be a typo or a specific code, but the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Maybe the example was using a different system, but the user's current task says to use the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So I should follow that.

Let's go through each participant:

1. "a empresa" – "empresa" translates to company, which is an Organization. So class: Organization.

2. "o município" – "município" is a municipality, which is a type of Location (a place, specifically a local government area). So class: Location.

3. "as autoridades" – "autoridades" means authorities, which can be a group of people in positions of power. However, in the context, they might refer to government agencies or officials. Since the user's classes include Organization, but "autoridades" is more like a collective noun for people in authority. However, in some cases, authorities can be considered as an Organization. But maybe here, since it's a group of people, it's more like a Person? Wait, but "Person" is singular. The class "Person" might not fit for a plural like "as autoridades". Alternatively, "Other" if it doesn't fit. But in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was classified as Organization. So "as autoridades" might be an Organization as well. Alternatively, maybe "Other" if it's not clearly an organization. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. Let me think again. The authorities could be a government body, which is an Organization. So I'll go with Organization.

4. "a sua família" – "família" is family, which is a group of people. The class "Person" is for individuals, but "família" is a group. However, the classes don't have a "Group" category. The closest might be "Other" or maybe "Person" if considered as a collective. But the example had "fonte" (source) classified as "Per" (Person), which might be a person. However, "a sua família" is a family, which is a group of people. Since the classes don't have a "Group" category, perhaps "Other" is the best fit here. Alternatively, maybe "Person" if the family is considered as a collective person, but that's not standard. So I think "Other" is more appropriate here.

So the classifications would be:

["a empresa", "Organization"], ["o município", "Location"], ["as autoridades", "Organization"], ["a sua família", "Other"]

Wait, but in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person), even though it's a source, which could be a person or an organization. But in the input, "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" was mentioned, so maybe "fonte" refers to a person. However, in this case, "a sua família" is clearly a family, which is a group of people, not an organization or a location. So "Other" seems correct.
</think>

[["a empresa", "Organization"], ["o município", "Location"], ["as autoridades", "Organization"], ["a sua família", "Other"]]