<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The text mentions the President of France, Emmanuel Macron, who tested positive. The Prime Minister (António Costa) is in isolation because of contact with Macron. The Palácio do Eliseu is mentioned as the place where they met. The health authorities are involved in assessing the risk. The communication comes from the office of António Costa.

So, the participants here would be:

1. Presidente francês Emmanuel Macron – definitely a participant as the person who tested positive.
2. o primeiro-ministro (António Costa) – he's in isolation, so he's involved.
3. Palácio do Eliseu – the location where they met, so it's an entity involved.
4. autoridades de saúde – the health authorities assessing the risk.
5. gabinete de António Costa – the office issuing the communication.

I need to check if there are any other entities. The text mentions "comunicado emitido pelo gabinete de António Costa," so the gabinete is a participant. Also, "testes positivo" refers to Macron's test, so the test itself might not be a participant, but the person who took it is Macron. 

Confidence scores: Macron and the Prime Minister are explicitly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). The Palácio do Eliseu is a specific location, so 0.9. Health authorities are mentioned but not named, so maybe 0.8. The gabinete is directly mentioned as the issuer, so 0.95. 

Wait, the output example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" with lower confidence. But in this case, the gabinete is explicitly named, so higher confidence. Also, "comunicado" is the document, but the participant is the gabinete. 

I think that's all. Let me list them with confidence scores.
</think>

[["Presidente francês Emmanuel Macron", 0.95], ["o primeiro-ministro", 0.95], ["Palácio do Eliseu", 0.9], ["autoridades de saúde", 0.8], ["gabinete de António Costa", 0.95]]