<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like people, organizations, places, etc., and even repeated mentions with varying confidence.

First, I need to read the input text carefully. The input here is: "O primeiro-ministro não apresenta quaisquer sintomas", acrescenta-se no mesmo comunicado."

Breaking it down, the main sentence is about the prime minister not showing any symptoms, and it's noted in the same communiqué. 

Now, identifying participants. The key entities here are "primeiro-ministro" (prime minister) and "comunicado" (communiqué). The prime minister is the main participant here as the subject. The communiqué is mentioned as the source of the statement. 

Wait, the example output included entities like "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source), which were considered participants. In this case, the communiqué is the entity that's adding the information. So "no mesmo comunicado" refers to the communiqué. 

But in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were included. Here, the source is the communiqué. So "comunicado" would be the participant. However, the sentence structure is "acrescenta-se no mesmo comunicado", which translates to "it is added in the same communiqué." So the communiqué is the entity that's making the addition. 

So the participants here are "primeiro-ministro" and "comunicado". 

Now, confidence scores. The prime minister is explicitly mentioned, so confidence is high, maybe 0.95. The communiqué is mentioned as the source, so that's also a participant, confidence around 0.8. 

Wait, but in the example, "fonte" was included even though it was a generic term. Here, "comunicado" is a specific entity, so it's a participant. 

I need to make sure I'm not missing any other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations, places, or groups. The prime minister is the main person, and the communiqué is the entity that's adding the statement. 

So the final list should be ["primeiro-ministro", 0.95], ["comunicado", 0.8]. 

But wait, in the example, they included "a mesma fonte" as a separate entity. Here, "no mesmo comunicado" is a phrase, but "comunicado" is the noun. So maybe "comunicado" is the entity. 

Yes, I think that's correct. So the JSON array would have those two entries with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["primeiro-ministro", 0.95], ["comunicado", 0.8]]