<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "O primeiro-ministro não apresenta quaisquer sintomas", acrescenta-se no mesmo comunicado." The participants to classify are "primeiro-ministro" and "comunicado".

First, I need to determine the class for each entity based on the given categories. 

Starting with "primeiro-ministro". The definition for "Per" includes human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. A "primeiro-ministro" is a prime minister, which is a human individual holding a government position. So, this should be classified under "Per". The confidence here is high, maybe around 0.95 since it's a clear role of a person.

Next, "comunicado". The categories include "Loc" for places not fitting other Pl_ values, but "comunicado" means a statement or communiqué, which is a document or message. Looking at the classes, "Other" is for entities not fitting other categories. However, "Loc" is for places, which doesn't fit here. Alternatively, "Obj" is for tangible manmade objects. But a communiqué is a document, which is a manmade object. However, the example given for "Obj" includes things like "a cadeira" (chair), which is a physical object. A communiqué is more abstract, a document. The "Other" category includes things like "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt), which is a sensory experience. But "comunicado" is a document, which might be considered an object. However, in the examples provided, "comunicado" isn't listed. Wait, looking back at the classes, "Other" is for entities not fitting other categories. Since "comunicado" is a document, which is a manmade object, but maybe not a tangible one. Alternatively, "Loc" is for places, which doesn't fit. The "Other" category might be the best fit here. But I need to check the definitions again. The "Obj" class is for tangible, manmade objects. A document is a tangible object (like a paper or digital file), but maybe in this context, it's considered an abstract entity. However, the example given for "Obj" is "a cadeira" (chair), which is physical. If the communiqué is a document, perhaps it's considered an object. But maybe in this case, since it's a message or statement, it's not an object. Alternatively, "Other" could be the right class. Wait, the example for "Other" is "um cheiro a queimado", which is a sensory experience. So maybe "comunicado" doesn't fit into any of the other categories. Therefore, "Other" might be the correct class here. But I'm a bit uncertain. Alternatively, maybe "comunicado" is considered a "Loc" if it's a place, but that doesn't make sense. So, I think "Other" is the best fit here with a confidence of around 0.8.
</think>

<Output>[["primeiro-ministro", "Per", 0.95], ["comunicado", "Other", 0.8]]</Output>