<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Veríssimo Pandamari, citado pela agência noticiosa angolana, Angop, disse que os homens foram detidos durante uma operação denominada 'Kudissanga', que contou com a colaboração de populares."

Breaking it down:

1. "Veríssimo Pandamari" – This is a person's name, so definitely a participant. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.
2. "agência noticiosa angolana" – This is a type of organization, but the specific name is "Angop". Wait, the text says "Angop" is the agency. So "Angop" is the actual entity here. The phrase "agência noticiosa angolana" is a descriptor, but the actual name is Angop. So I should include "Angop" with high confidence.
3. "os homens" – These are the people who were detained. They are participants as victims or subjects. But since they are referred to in the third person and not named, maybe lower confidence? But the text says "os homens foram detidos", so they are involved. However, since they are not named, maybe 0.7?
4. "operação denominada 'Kudissanga'" – The operation itself is an event, but the name "Kudissanga" is the name of the operation. Is that a participant? The definition includes entities involved. The operation is an event, but maybe the name is a participant in the sense of being an entity. But I'm not sure. Maybe not, since it's an event name. Hmm. The user's example included "a aeronave" and "o motor" as participants. So maybe the operation's name is not a participant. Maybe I should exclude it.
5. "populares" – This translates to "the people" or "the public". They collaborated in the operation. Since they are a group involved, they are participants. Confidence might be 0.8.

Wait, the example output included things like "a aeronave" and "o motor" as participants. So even if they are objects, they are considered participants. So in this case, "os homens" are participants, "populares" as a group. The operation name "Kudissanga" might be an event, but not an entity. The agency "Angop" is an organization. The person "Veríssimo Pandamari" is an individual. The "agência noticiosa angolana" is a descriptor, but the actual name is "Angop", so that's the entity. 

So compiling the list:

- Veríssimo Pandamari (0.95)
- Angop (0.9)
- os homens (0.7)
- populares (0.8)

Wait, but the example included "a aeronave" and "o motor" even though they are objects. So in this case, "os homens" are people, so definitely participants. "populares" is a group. "Angop" is an organization. "Veríssimo Pandamari" is an individual. The operation name might not be a participant. Also, "agência noticiosa angolana" is a descriptor, but the actual entity is Angop, so that's already included. 

So the final list should be those four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Veríssimo Pandamari", 0.95], ["Angop", 0.9], ["os homens", 0.7], ["populares", 0.8]]