<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The participants are entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "O governo holandês aprovou na terça-feira um plano de salvação da transportadora aérea KLM, na ordem de vários milhares de milhões de euros, depois de os pilotos terem aceitado uma redução de salários durante cinco anos."

Breaking it down, the main event is the Dutch government approving a rescue plan for KLM. The participants here would be the entities involved in this action. Let's list them out.

1. "governo holandês" – the Dutch government is clearly a participant as they approved the plan.
2. "plano de salvação" – the rescue plan itself might be considered an entity, but the definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved. The plan is an action, not an entity. Maybe not include it.
3. "transportadora aérea KLM" – KLM is the airline being saved, so they are a participant.
4. "pilotos" – the pilots accepted a salary reduction, so they are involved.
5. "os pilotos" – same as above, just a different form.
6. "redução de salários" – this is an action, not an entity. Probably not a participant.
7. "cinco anos" – time frame, not an entity.
8. "varios milhares de milhões de euros" – amount of money, not an entity.

Wait, the example in the task included things like "aeroporto", "companhia aérea", etc. So maybe even the plan is considered an entity? But the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The plan is a document or initiative, not an entity. Hmm.

Looking back at the example output, they included "o motor", "a aeronave", etc., which are objects involved. So maybe the plan is not an entity here. Let's focus on the actual entities: government, KLM, pilots.

Also, check for any other entities. The text mentions "governo holandês" (Dutch government), "KLM" (airline), "pilotos" (pilots). Are there any others? The time and money are not entities. 

So the participants would be: "governo holandês", "transportadora aérea KLM", "pilotos", "os pilotos". Wait, "transportadora aérea KLM" is the same as KLM, but maybe the full name is better. Also, "os pilotos" is the same as "pilotos", but in the example, they included both "pilotos" and "os pilotos" as separate entries. So maybe I should include both forms if they appear in the text.

Looking at the input, "os pilotos" is used once. So in the output, I should list both "pilotos" and "os pilotos" as separate entities. Similarly, "transportadora aérea KLM" and "KLM" might be considered, but in the input, it's written as "transportadora aérea KLM", so that's the full name. 

Also, check if "governo holandês" is the same as "governo" but in the input it's "governo holandês", so that's the full name. 

So the list would be:

- "governo holandês"
- "transportadora aérea KLM"
- "pilotos"
- "os pilotos"

Now, confidence scores. For "governo holandês", it's clearly mentioned as the subject, so high confidence (0.95). "transportadora aérea KLM" is the object, also high confidence (0.9). "pilotos" and "os pilotos" are both mentioned, but "os pilotos" is a definite article form, so maybe slightly lower confidence, but still high (0.85 and 0.8 respectively). 

Wait, the example output included "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" as separate entries. So even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles or forms, they are considered separate. So in this case, "pilotos" and "os pilotos" would be separate. 

So the final list with confidence scores would be:

[
  ["governo holandês", 0.95],
  ["transportadora aérea KLM", 0.9],
  ["pilotos", 0.85],
  ["os pilotos", 0.8]
]

I think that's all. Let me double-check the input again to make sure I didn't miss any other entities. The rest are time, money, etc., which are not participants. So this should be correct.
</think>

[["governo holandês", 0.95], ["transportadora aérea KLM", 0.9], ["pilotos", 0.85], ["os pilotos", 0.8]]