<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., and even objects if they're central to the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Cerca de três mil pilotos devem ser particularmente afetados por este plano, com baixas salariais que podem ir até 20%, segundo os meios do país."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the pilots ("pilotos") and the "plano" (plan) that's affecting them. The "baixas salariais" (salary cuts) are part of the plan, so maybe that's a participant too. The "meios do país" (country's media) are cited as the source, so that's another entity. 

Wait, the example output included things like "o motor" and "a aeronave" even though they were parts of the plane. So maybe any noun that's central to the event is considered a participant. In this case, "pilotos" are definitely participants as they're affected. The "plano" is the cause, so that's a participant. The "baixas salariais" are part of the plan's effect, so maybe that's included. The "meios do país" are the source, so they should be included as well. 

I need to check if "três mil" is part of the entity. The example didn't include numbers, just the nouns. So "três mil pilotos" would be "pilotos" as the entity, with the number being part of the quantity, not the entity name. So the entity is "pilotos" with confidence. 

"Este plano" is the plan, so "plano" is the entity. "Baixas salariais" is a noun phrase, so that's another entity. "Meios do país" is the media, so that's an organization or entity. 

Wait, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. So if the text mentions a source, even if it's just "fonte", that's an entity. Here, "segundo os meios do país" – "meios do país" is the source, so that's an entity. 

So compiling the list: "pilotos", "plano", "baixas salariais", "meios do país". Let me check the example again. In the example, they included "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were repeated. So even if "plano" is mentioned once, it's included once. 

Confidence scores: "pilotos" is definitely a participant, so maybe 0.95. "plano" is the cause, so 0.9. "baixas salariais" is part of the plan's effect, so maybe 0.8. "meios do país" as the source, 0.85. 

Wait, the example had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. Here, "segundo os meios do país" – "meios do país" is the source, so that's one entity. 

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations or people. So the final list should be those four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["pilotos", 0.95], ["plano", 0.9], ["baixas salariais", 0.8], ["meios do país", 0.85]]