<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what qualifies as a participant. According to the definition, participants are entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and might be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the example provided, they included things like "Avião", "o motor", "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", etc. So even if something is a part of a larger entity, like "o motor" (the engine), it's considered a participant. Also, repeated mentions of the same entity with different articles or forms are included as separate entries but with the same name. For example, "Um avião" and "O avião" are both listed as separate entries but with the same entity name.

Now, the input given is: "A Air France-KLM perdeu 1,6 mil milhões de euros no terceiro trimestre, o que compara com um lucro de 363 milhões no mesmo trimestre do ano passado."

Breaking this down, the main entities here are "Air France-KLM" which is a company, and the financial figures mentioned. However, the financial figures are not entities but rather data points. The participants would be the organizations involved. 

Wait, the example included "companhia aérea Jota Aviation" and "a ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" as participants. In the current input, "Air France-KLM" is the company that incurred a loss. So that's definitely a participant. Are there any other entities? The text mentions "terceiro trimestre" (third quarter) and "ano passado" (last year), but those are time references, not participants. The numbers are financial results, not entities.

So the only participant here is "Air France-KLM". But wait, the example also included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) as participants. However, in this input, there's no mention of a source or any other entity. The sentence is straightforward, stating the loss of Air France-KLM compared to a profit in the previous year.

Therefore, the only participant is "Air France-KLM". But I need to check if there's any other entity. The numbers are not entities. The time periods are not entities. The company is the only one involved. So the output should be a list with ["Air France-KLM", confidence]. 

What confidence level should I assign? Since it's explicitly mentioned, I can be very confident, maybe 0.95 or 1.0. But the example had entries like "fonte" with 0.6, but that's because it's a less specific term. Here, "Air France-KLM" is clearly an organization, so confidence is high. Let's go with 1.0.
</think>

[["Air France-KLM", 1.0]]