<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. First, I need to understand what counts as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Fonte oficial da Polícia Marítima adiantou à Lusa que a ocorrência teve lugar perto do meio-dia e que o homem chegou a ser alvo de “reanimação cardiorrespiratória” no local."

Breaking it down:

1. "Fonte oficial da Polícia Marítima" – This is an official source from the Maritime Police. The entity here is "Fonte oficial da Polícia Marítima" and possibly "Polícia Marítima" as a separate entity. But since "Fonte oficial" is part of the Police, maybe they are considered the same. However, the user's example included both "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entities, so maybe here "Fonte oficial da Polícia Marítima" is one entity, and "Polícia Marítima" is another. Confidence might be high for both.

2. "à Lusa" – Lusa is a news agency, so that's an organization. Confidence here is high.

3. "o homem" – The man involved in the event. He's a participant as the victim. Confidence is high.

4. "reanimação cardiorrespiratória" – This is a procedure, not an entity. So probably not a participant.

5. The location isn't specified, so maybe "no local" is a place, but it's vague. The example included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as entities, but here "no local" is too generic. Maybe not include it.

So the participants would be:

- "Fonte oficial da Polícia Marítima" (high confidence)
- "Polícia Marítima" (since it's the organization the source belongs to)
- "Lusa" (the news agency)
- "o homem" (the individual involved)

Wait, but in the example, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entities. Here, "Fonte oficial da Polícia Marítima" is a specific source, so that's one entity. Then "Polícia Marítima" is the organization. Also, "Lusa" is the agency. "o homem" is the person. The user's example included "a aeronave" and "o motor" as separate entities even if they were the same thing, so maybe here "Fonte oficial da Polícia Marítima" and "Polícia Marítima" are separate. But maybe "Fonte oficial da Polícia Marítima" is considered part of the Police, so maybe not. Alternatively, since the source is from the Police, but the entity is the source itself. Hmm.

Also, "reanimação cardiorrespiratória" is a procedure, not an entity. So not included. The location is "no local", but that's too vague. The example included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as entities, but here the location isn't named. So maybe not include it.

So the final list would be:

["Fonte oficial da Polícia Marítima", 0.95], ["Polícia Marítima", 0.9], ["Lusa", 0.95], ["o homem", 0.95]

Wait, but in the example, they included "a mesma fonte" as a separate entity. Here, the source is mentioned once, so maybe just "Fonte oficial da Polícia Marítima" and "Polícia Marítima" as separate. Also, "Lusa" is an organization. "o homem" is a person. That seems right.
</think>

[["Fonte oficial da Polícia Marítima", 0.95], ["Polícia Marítima", 0.9], ["Lusa", 0.95], ["o homem", 0.95]]