<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "O salvamento foi efetuado por outro transeunte que passava nas imediações e se atirou à água quando viu o homem em dificuldades."

Breaking it down, the main event is a rescue. The participants here would be the people involved in the rescue and the person being rescued. 

The first participant mentioned is "outro transeunte" (another passerby). This person is the one who performed the rescue. Then there's "o homem em dificuldades" (the man in difficulty), who is the one being rescued. 

I should check if there are any other entities. The text mentions "à água" (to the water), but that's a location, not a participant. "nas imediações" (in the vicinity) is also a location. The verb "efetuado por" indicates the agent performing the action, which is the passerby. 

Are there any organizations or groups mentioned? It doesn't seem so. The entities are just the individuals involved. 

Now, considering the example output, they included repeated mentions of the same entity with different confidence scores. For instance, "Avião" appears multiple times with varying confidence. However, in this case, "outro transeunte" and "o homem" are the main participants. 

I need to make sure each instance is captured. The sentence mentions "outro transeunte" once, and "o homem em dificuldades" once. Are there any other mentions? Let me check again. The sentence is straightforward, so I think only those two are the participants. 

Confidence scores: For "outro transeunte," since it's explicitly stated as the one who performed the rescue, I can be quite confident, maybe 0.95. For "o homem em dificuldades," he's the one being rescued, so also a participant, confidence around 0.9. 

Wait, but the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. In this case, are there any such repeated mentions? The input sentence doesn't have repeated references, so just the two entities. 

I think that's all. Let me structure the JSON list accordingly.
</think>

[["outro transeunte", 0.95], ["o homem em dificuldades", 0.9]]