<think>
Okay, let's tackle this query. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "The fatal victims were three men, three women and a 9-year-old child, reported the South China Morning Post (SCMP)."

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main event is the fatalities. The victims are three men, three women, and a child. But the problem is whether to list each category as separate entities or group them. The example given in the task includes "three men" as a participant, so maybe each group is considered a participant. However, the example also includes "a 9-year-old child" as a separate entity. Wait, the example output for the plane incident included "three men" as a participant. So maybe each distinct group is listed as a participant.

Then there's the South China Morning Post (SCMP), which is the reporting organization. That's definitely a participant. Also, the mention of "reported" implies that the SCMP is the source, so they are an entity here.

Wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source" as entities. But in the current input, the source is "the South China Morning Post (SCMP)". So that's an organization. Also, the phrase "reported the South China Morning Post (SCMP)" would have "South China Morning Post (SCMP)" as the entity. The example output had "Lusa." and "a Public Security Police" as entities. So in this case, "South China Morning Post (SCMP)" is the entity here.

Now, the victims: three men, three women, a 9-year-old child. The example included "three men" as a participant. So I should list each of these groups. However, the user might expect the actual individuals, but since they are not named, the groups are the only way to represent them. So "three men", "three women", "a 9-year-old child" would be participants. But the example also included "fatal victims" as a participant? Wait, in the example output, the first entry was "Plane", then "to engine", etc. Wait, the example output for the plane incident included "Plane", "A plane", "the aircraft", "The aircraft", etc. So they included the noun phrases even if they were not specific entities. But in this case, the victims are the participants. So "three men", "three women", "a 9-year-old child" would be participants. But the example output included "three men" as a participant, so that's acceptable.

Wait, but the example output for the plane incident had "engine" as a participant. So even if it's a part of the plane, it's considered a participant. So in this case, the victims are the participants. However, the question is whether "three men" is considered a participant. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, etc. So "three men" is a group of individuals. So yes, they are participants.

So the entities would be:

- three men
- three women
- a 9-year-old child
- South China Morning Post (SCMP)

But wait, the example output included "the same source" as an entity. In this case, the source is "the South China Morning Post (SCMP)", so that's the entity. Also, the verb "reported" is part of the sentence structure, but the entity is the organization.

So the JSON list would be:

["three men", 0.9], ["three women", 0.9], ["a 9-year-old child", 0.9], ["South China Morning Post (SCMP)", 0.95]

Wait, but the example output included "source" as an entity. However, in this case, the source is explicitly named as "South China Morning Post (SCMP)", so that's the entity. The word "source" is not used here, so maybe "South China Morning Post (SCMP)" is the entity. The example had "a Public Security Police" as an entity, which is an organization. So here, "South China Morning Post (SCMP)" is the organization.

But in the input, the structure is "reported the South China Morning Post (SCMP)", which is a bit odd. Typically, it would be "reported by the South China Morning Post (SCMP)". However, the way it's written here, the verb "reported" is followed by the source. So the entity is "South China Morning Post (SCMP)".

So the final list would include the victims and the source. The confidence for each would be high, maybe 0.9 for the victims and 0.95 for the source. But need to check if there are any other entities. The location isn't mentioned, so no. The event is the fatalities, but the participants are the victims and the reporting organization.
</think>

[["three men", 0.9], ["three women", 0.9], ["a 9-year-old child", 0.9], ["South China Morning Post (SCMP)", 0.95]]