<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and provide them with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and even things like "engine failure" might be considered if they're part of the event.

First, the input sentence is: "Two other people are in serious condition, he said." 

Looking at the definition, participants are those involved or impacted. The main entities here are the people mentioned. The phrase "Two other people" refers to individuals who are in serious condition. The "he" at the end is a speaker, but the example output didn't include "he" as a participant. Wait, in the example given by the user, the output included entities like "source" and "the same source," which are people or roles. But in this case, "he" might be a person, but since it's not explicitly named, maybe it's not considered a participant here. The user's example included "source" as an entity, but in the input, it was "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So maybe "source" is a role, but here "he" is a pronoun referring to someone, but since it's not named, perhaps it's not included. 

The main participants here are the "Two other people" who are in serious condition. The rest of the sentence is about their condition and the speaker's statement. The "he" might be a participant if we consider the speaker, but since it's not named, maybe it's not. The example output included "source" even though it was a role, but in this case, "he" is a pronoun without a specific name. 

So the only participant here is "Two other people." However, the example output included "plane," "engine," etc., even if they were parts of the event. But in this case, the people are the ones affected. 

Wait, the example output included "engine" and "a stopped engine," which are parts of the event. But in this sentence, the participants are the people. So the answer should be ["Two other people", 1.0], since they are the ones in serious condition. The "he" is a speaker, but since it's not named, maybe it's not included. The user's example included "source" as an entity, but that was part of the sentence. Here, "he" is a pronoun, so maybe it's not considered a participant unless it's explicitly named. 

So the final answer would be a JSON list with ["Two other people", 1.0]. The confidence is high because the sentence directly states that these people are in serious condition, making them the participants.
</think>

[["Two other people", 1.0]]