<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants to classify. The sentence is: "The apartment reportedly hosted a family gathering, but authorities are investigating whether an unlicensed restaurant operated there."

Participants to classify are: "apartment", "family gathering", "authorities", "unlicensed restaurant".

Starting with "apartment". The apartment is a physical place, so it's a location. Looking at the classes, Fac (facilities) might fit here. But wait, the apartment is a building, which is a facility. So I'd classify it as Fac with high confidence.

Next, "family gathering". This is an event, not a physical entity. The classes don't have an event category. The closest might be Other, but looking at the examples, "Other" is for things like smells or abstract concepts. Alternatively, maybe "family gathering" is a group of people, but the class Per is for individuals or characters. However, "family gathering" is an event, not a person. So perhaps Other here with medium confidence.

Then "authorities". Authorities are a group or organization, like a government body. The class Org would fit here. So "authorities" is Org, confidence high.

Lastly, "unlicensed restaurant". A restaurant is a business, which is an organization. However, if it's unlicensed, does that change the classification? Probably not. The entity is still an organization, so Org. But wait, maybe it's a place. If the restaurant is a facility, then Fac. But the term "restaurant" is an organization (the business) or a facility (the building). The example given in the task for Org includes companies, so "unlicensed restaurant" would be Org. But the example for Fac includes airports, which are facilities. Hmm. The input says "unlicensed restaurant operated there" – the restaurant here is the business entity, so Org. But if it's the physical place, then Fac. But the sentence says "operated there", implying the restaurant as a business. So Org. But I'm a bit unsure here. Maybe 0.7 confidence.

Wait, looking back at the examples. In the first example, "airport" was classified as Fac. So if "restaurant" is a place, it's Fac. But if it's the business, it's Org. The term "unlicensed restaurant" could be either. However, in the context of "operated there", "operated" refers to the business activity, so the restaurant is the organization. Therefore, Org. So I'll go with Org for "unlicensed restaurant" with confidence 0.8.

So the classifications would be:

apartment: Fac (0.9)
family gathering: Other (0.6)
authorities: Org (0.9)
unlicensed restaurant: Org (0.8)
</think>

<Output>[["apartment", "Fac", 0.9], ["family gathering", "Other", 0.6], ["authorities", "Org", 0.9], ["unlicensed restaurant", "Org", 0.8]]</Output>