<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even things like "engine" or "airport" can be considered participants if they're relevant.

Looking at the input: "The apartment reportedly hosted a family gathering, but authorities are investigating whether an unlicensed restaurant operated there."

First, I need to identify all entities mentioned. Let's break it down sentence by sentence.

First sentence: "The apartment reportedly hosted a family gathering..." The apartment is a location, so it's a participant. "Family gathering" is an event, but participants are the entities involved. So "family" might be a participant here, but the example included "family gathering" as a participant? Wait, in the example given earlier, "family gathering" wasn't listed. Wait, the example output had things like "Plane", "engine", etc. So maybe even events or objects can be participants if they are central to the event.

Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. So the apartment is a location where the gathering happened. The family gathering is an event, but maybe the participants are the people involved. However, the example included "family gathering" as a participant? Wait, no, looking back at the example input and output, the example input was about a plane landing, and the output included "Plane", "engine", "airport", etc. So maybe in this case, the apartment is a participant as a location. The family gathering is an event, but the participants would be the people in the gathering. However, the text says "family gathering" but doesn't name individuals. So maybe "family" is a participant here. But the example didn't include "family" as a participant. Hmm.

Wait, the example output included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. So organizations or groups are included. In the current input, "authorities" are mentioned. So "authorities" would be a participant. Also, "unlicensed restaurant" is an entity being investigated. So that's a participant. The apartment is a location where the restaurant might have operated. So "apartment" is a participant. 

So possible participants: apartment, family gathering (but maybe not, since it's an event, not an entity), authorities, unlicensed restaurant. Wait, but the example included "engine" as a participant. So maybe even objects or events can be considered participants. So "family gathering" could be a participant. But the example didn't have that. Let me check again.

In the example input, the output included "engine", "a stopped engine", etc. So even parts of the plane or specific components are considered participants. So in this case, "family gathering" is an event, but maybe the participants are the apartment (location), the authorities (investigating), the unlicensed restaurant (the subject of the investigation), and the family (if they are considered as participants). However, the text doesn't mention specific individuals, just "family gathering" and "unlicensed restaurant". 

So I think the participants here are:

- The apartment (location where the gathering was hosted)
- Family gathering (the event itself, as per the example's inclusion of similar events)
- Authorities (investigating)
- Unlicensed restaurant (the subject of the investigation)

But I need to check if "family gathering" is considered a participant. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The family gathering is an event, so maybe it's considered an entity. Alternatively, maybe "family" is the participant. But the text says "family gathering", not "family". So perhaps "family gathering" is the participant here. 

Also, "apartment" is a location, so that's a participant. "Authorities" are an organization or group. "Unlicensed restaurant" is an entity. 

So the list would be: ["apartment", "family gathering", "authorities", "unlicensed restaurant"]. 

Now, confidence levels. For "apartment", it's definitely mentioned, so confidence 1. "Family gathering" is mentioned, but maybe it's an event, but according to the example, similar terms are included. So confidence 0.9. "Authorities" is a group, confidence 1. "Unlicensed restaurant" is the subject, confidence 1. 

Wait, but the example output included "Lusa." with a period. So maybe punctuation is included. But in the current input, "authorities" is a noun, and "unlicensed restaurant" is a noun phrase. So I should include them as they are. 

So the final JSON would be:

[["apartment", 1.0], ["family gathering", 0.9], ["authorities", 1.0], ["unlicensed restaurant", 1.0]]
</think>

[["apartment", 1.0], ["family gathering", 0.9], ["authorities", 1.0], ["unlicensed restaurant", 1.0]]