<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Most of the victims are Nepalese." The participants to classify are "victims" and "Nepalese."

First, looking at "victims." The definition says participants are individuals, groups, etc., involved in an event. Victims are people affected by an event, so they should be classified under "Per" since they are human individuals. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "Nepalese." That refers to a nationality, which is a group of people. Since it's a country's people, it's a Pl_country? Wait, no. Wait, the classes have Pl_country for countries, but "Nepalese" is an ethnic group or nationality. However, the classes don't have a specific category for nationalities. Looking back at the classes, "Pl_country" is for countries, and "Pl_civil" is for sub-national regions. But "Nepalese" is a nationality, not a place. The "Other" category is for entities not fitting elsewhere, like "um cheiro a queimado." But maybe "Nepalese" is a group, so perhaps "Org"? Wait, Org is for organizations. Hmm. Alternatively, since "Nepalese" refers to people, maybe "Per" but as a group? Wait, the Per class is for human individuals or characters. But "Nepalese" is a collective noun. The example given for "Per" is "O rapaz" (the boy), which is an individual. So maybe "Nepalese" is a group, but the classes don't have a category for nationalities. The closest might be "Pl_country" since it's a country's people, but the example for Pl_country is "Lisbon" as a capital. Wait, no. The example for Pl_country is a country, like "England" in the previous example. So "Nepalese" is a nationality, not a country. So perhaps "Other"? But the example for "Other" is "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt). Alternatively, maybe "Pl_region" if it's considered a region, but that's not right. Wait, the classes have "Pl_civil" for sub-national regions, but "Nepalese" is a nationality, not a region. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "Per" as a group? But the Per class is for individuals or characters. The example given for Per is "O rapaz" (the boy), which is singular. So maybe "Nepalese" is a group of people, but the class doesn't have a category for that. In that case, perhaps "Other" is the best fit here. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "Pl_country" since it's associated with Nepal, but the entity is "Nepalese," not "Nepal." Wait, the input is "Most of the victims are Nepalese." So "Nepalese" here refers to the nationality of the victims. So the entity is a nationality, which is a group of people. Since there's no specific class for nationalities, maybe "Other" is the best choice here. But I need to check the classes again. The "Other" class includes entities not fitting other categories, like "um cheiro a queimado." So "Nepalese" as a nationality might be considered "Other" with a confidence of 0.7 or so. Alternatively, if "Nepalese" is considered a group, maybe "Org"? But Org is for organizations, not nationalities. So I think "Other" is the correct class here.
</think>

<Output>[["victims", "Per", 0.95], ["Nepalese", "Other", 0.7]]</Output>