<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence, which is "Most of the victims are Nepalese." According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to identify the key elements here. The sentence mentions "victims" and "Nepalese." The victims are clearly participants since they are impacted by the event. The term "Nepalese" refers to the nationality of the victims, so that's a group or entity involved. 

Wait, but the example given in the task includes entities like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., even if they are parts or locations. However, in the example, "to engine" and "a stopped engine" are included, which might be parts of the plane. But in the current input, "Nepalese" is a nationality, so the participants would be the victims (as individuals) and the Nepalese (as a group). 

But the sentence says "Most of the victims are Nepalese." So the victims are the main participants, and their nationality is Nepalese. However, the task is to extract participants, which are the entities involved. So "victims" is a group, and "Nepalese" is another group. However, "victims" is a collective noun here, but the actual participants would be the individuals, but since they aren't named, maybe "victims" is considered as the entity. 

Wait, the example output includes "victims" as an entity. Let me check the example again. The example input was about a plane landing, and the output included "plane," "engine," "aircraft," etc. So in that case, even parts of the plane were considered. But in the current input, "victims" are the main participants. The Nepalese are the nationality of the victims, so maybe "Nepalese" is a group. 

But the instruction says participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc. So "victims" is a group, and "Nepalese" is another group. However, the sentence says "Most of the victims are Nepalese," which implies that the victims are part of the Nepalese group. But are both "victims" and "Nepalese" considered participants here? 

Alternatively, maybe "victims" is the main participant, and "Nepalese" is an attribute of them. But the task says to extract all participants, so perhaps both. However, in the example, "engine" was included as an entity. But in this case, "Nepalese" is a nationality, so it's a group. 

Wait, but the example output includes "source" and "the same source" as entities. So maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity is considered. So in the input sentence, "victims" is a noun phrase referring to the group of people affected, and "Nepalese" is a noun phrase referring to the nationality group. 

So the participants would be "victims" and "Nepalese." But the confidence levels need to be assigned. For "victims," the confidence is high, maybe 1.0, since they are explicitly mentioned. For "Nepalese," it's also a group, but since it's a nationality, maybe 0.8 or 0.9. 

Wait, but the example output includes "the same source" as an entity, which is a specific entity. In the current input, "Nepalese" is a nationality, so it's a group. So both "victims" and "Nepalese" should be included. 

Alternatively, maybe "Nepalese" is not a participant but an attribute of the victims. However, the definition says participants can be groups, so if the event is something that affects the Nepalese people, then they are participants. But the sentence is about the victims, and the fact that they are Nepalese. So the main participants are the victims, and the Nepalese are the group they belong to. 

But the user's example includes "engine" as an entity. So perhaps any noun that refers to an entity, even if it's a part of something else. In this case, "victims" is the main entity, and "Nepalese" is another. 

So the final answer would be two entities: "victims" and "Nepalese," with confidence scores. For "victims," confidence is 1.0, and for "Nepalese," maybe 0.9. But I need to check if "Nepalese" is considered a participant here. If the event is something that affects the victims, and the victims are Nepalese, then the Nepalese group is involved. But maybe the user expects only "victims" as the participant. 

Alternatively, maybe "Nepalese" is not a participant but a descriptor. However, the example includes "engine" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So in that case, even parts are considered. So in this case, "Nepalese" is a group, so it's a participant. 

Therefore, the answer should be two entities: ["victims", 1.0], ["Nepalese", 0.9]. But I need to make sure that the confidence is between 0 and 1. Alternatively, maybe "Nepalese" is not a participant but an attribute. But the example includes "engine" as an entity, so perhaps any noun phrase is considered. 

Another angle: the task says participants are those involved or impacted. The victims are impacted, and the Nepalese are the group they belong to. So the Nepalese are the group that is impacted through the victims. Therefore, both should be included. 

So I think the correct answer is two entities: "victims" and "Nepalese" with confidence scores. The confidence for "victims" is high, maybe 1.0, and for "Nepalese" perhaps 0.9.
</think>

[["victims", 1.0], ["Nepalese", 0.9]]