<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is about the Judiciary Police arresting a man accused of stabbing his wife. The Northern Directorate of that corporation made the announcement.

Looking at the participants list:

1. "The Judiciary Police (PJ)" – This seems like an organization. The name includes "Police" and the abbreviation PJ, which is a known police force in Portugal. So, class "Organization".

2. "the Penafiel man" – This refers to a person. Penafiel is a place, but the term "man" indicates a person. So, "Person".

3. "his wife" – This is a person as well. The possessive "his" refers to the man, so "Person".

4. "the Northern Directorate" – This sounds like a part of an organization. The Northern Directorate of the Judiciary Police, maybe? Since it's a department within an organization, it's still an "Organization".

5. "that corporation" – The term "corporation" here is a bit tricky. The Northern Directorate is part of "that corporation", which might refer to the Judiciary Police. However, "corporation" is usually a company, but in this context, it's likely referring to the organization (Judiciary Police). But the user might have intended "Organization" here. Alternatively, if "corporation" is used in a non-traditional sense, maybe "Other"? But given the context, it's part of the organization, so "Organization".

Wait, but the original input says "the Northern Directorate of that corporation". If "corporation" is used here as a synonym for the organization, then it's still an Organization. However, "corporation" typically refers to a business entity. But in some contexts, government agencies might be referred to as corporations. However, the Judiciary Police is a police force, not a corporation. Maybe the term "corporation" here is a mistranslation or misused. But given the information, I'll go with "Organization" since it's part of the same entity as the Northern Directorate.

So the classifications would be:

- The Judiciary Police (PJ): Org
- the Penafiel man: Person
- his wife: Person
- the Northern Directorate: Org
- that corporation: Org

Wait, but "that corporation" might be a bit ambiguous. If the Northern Directorate is part of the corporation, and the corporation is the Judiciary Police, then "that corporation" refers to the same organization. So, "Organization" is correct here. Alternatively, if "corporation" is a separate entity, but the text doesn't mention that. The input says "the Northern Directorate of that corporation announced today", which is the same as the Judiciary Police. So "that corporation" is the Judiciary Police, hence Organization.
</think>

[["The Judiciary Police (PJ)", "Org"], ["the Penafiel man", "Per"], ["his wife", "Per"], ["the Northern Directorate", "Org"], ["that corporation", "Org"]]