<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about an emergency situation where a 74-year-old victim was found in cardiorespiratory arrest, and the services tried to reverse it but failed, leading to death at the scene.

First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine their class based on the given categories: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example provided earlier gives some clues on how to approach this.

Starting with "Emergency services": This is a term that usually refers to a group or organization responsible for emergency response, like police, fire, or ambulance services. In the example, "Public Security Police" was classified as an Organization. So "Emergency services" is likely an Organization here.

Next, "the 74-year-old victim": This clearly refers to a person. The example had "source" classified as a Person, so this should be Person as well.

"Cardiorespiratory arrest" is a medical condition. The example had "engine failure" as an Object. However, "cardiorespiratory arrest" is a state or condition, which might fall under Nature or Object. But looking at the classes, Nature is for natural phenomena, while Object is for physical items. Since this is a medical condition, maybe it's an Object? Wait, the example had "engine" as Object, which is a physical object. But "cardiorespiratory arrest" is an event or condition, not a physical object. Hmm, maybe "Other" is more appropriate here? Or perhaps "Nature" if it's considered a natural occurrence. But I'm not sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "engine failure" was classified as Object. Wait, "engine failure" is an event, but they classified it as Object. Maybe the classification is more about the noun phrase rather than the type of entity. So "cardiorespiratory arrest" is a noun phrase referring to a condition, which might be considered an Object here. Alternatively, maybe "Other" if it doesn't fit into the other categories. But I need to stick to the given classes. Since "engine" was Object, maybe "cardiorespiratory arrest" is also Object. I'll go with Object for now.

Lastly, "the scene": This refers to a location where the event happened. In the example, "airport" was classified as Facility, but "the scene" is a general location. The class "Location" exists, so "the scene" would be Location. However, in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as Pl_capital, which is a subclass of Location. But here, "the scene" is a specific place, so Location makes sense. Alternatively, if "scene" is considered a Facility, but I think Location is more accurate here.

So compiling the classifications:

- Emergency services: Organization
- the 74-year-old victim: Person
- cardiorespiratory arrest: Object
- the scene: Location

I need to make sure there are no other possible classifications. Let me double-check. "Emergency services" is definitely an Organization. The victim is a Person. "Cardiorespiratory arrest" is a medical condition, which might be considered an Object as per the example's "engine failure". "The scene" is a Location. That seems correct.
</think>

[["Emergency services", "Org"], ["the 74-year-old victim", "Per"], ["cardiorespiratory arrest", "Obj"], ["the scene", "Loc"]]