<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., that are involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Segundo nota hoje publicada na página da Procuradoria-Geral Regional do Porto, o arguido era chefe do Núcleo de Investigação Criminal da GNR de Braga."

Breaking this down, the main elements here are:

1. "Procuradoria-Geral Regional do Porto" – this is an organization, specifically a regional public prosecutor's office. It's mentioned as the source of the note, so they are a participant.
2. "o arguido" – the accused person. This is an individual involved in the case.
3. "Núcleo de Investigação Criminal da GNR de Braga" – this is a unit within the GNR (National Republican Guard) in Braga. The accused was the chief of this unit, so this organization is a participant.
4. "GNR de Braga" – the National Republican Guard in Braga, which is the parent organization of the Núcleo mentioned earlier. Even though it's part of the Núcleo's name, it's a separate entity here.
5. "Braga" – the city where the GNR is located. It might be considered a participant if the location is relevant, but I need to check if it's an entity in the context. However, in the example, locations like "Lisboa" were included, so maybe Braga should be as well.
6. "nota" – the note itself, but that's more of a document, not a participant. The example didn't include such terms, so probably not.
7. "página da Procuradoria-Geral Regional do Porto" – the page of the Procuradoria, which is the same as the Procuradoria itself. So maybe not a separate entity here.

Now, considering the example output, they included entities even if they were repeated. For instance, "Avião" and "Um avião" were both listed. So repetition is allowed here.

Confidence scores: I need to assign a number between 0 and 1. For the Procuradoria-Geral Regional do Porto, it's clearly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). The arguido is directly mentioned, so 0.9. The Núcleo de Investigação Criminal da GNR de Braga is explicitly named, so 0.9. GNR de Braga is part of the Núcleo's name, but it's a separate entity, so 0.85. Braga as a location, similar to the example, so 0.8. The other terms like "nota" or "página" are not participants, so they are excluded.

Wait, in the example, "Lisboa" was included multiple times. So even if a location is mentioned multiple times, each instance is listed. But in this case, "Braga" is mentioned once. Also, "GNR de Braga" is an organization, so that's a participant. The Núcleo is a unit under GNR, so both are separate entities.

So the final list should be:

["Procuradoria-Geral Regional do Porto", 0.95], ["o arguido", 0.9], ["Núcleo de Investigação Criminal da GNR de Braga", 0.9], ["GNR de Braga", 0.85], ["Braga", 0.8]

I need to make sure there are no other entities. The text is short, so I think that's all. Let me check again. The note is from the Procuradoria, the accused was the chief of the Núcleo, which is part of GNR in Braga. So yes, those are the participants.
</think>

[["Procuradoria-Geral Regional do Porto", 0.95], ["o arguido", 0.9], ["Núcleo de Investigação Criminal da GNR de Braga", 0.9], ["GNR de Braga", 0.85], ["Braga", 0.8]]