<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and even parts like "o motor" (the engine) if they're relevant.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is a Portuguese text about someone responsible for filling out and sending monthly supplement maps from November 2011 to October 2016. The person included their own name as a beneficiary of the scale supplement despite not being entitled to it, according to a note.

Now, I need to identify all participants. Let's break down the sentence:

- "responsável pelo preenchimento e envio para processamento dos mapas mensais de suplementos remuneratórios" – the responsible person. The entity here is "responsável" (the responsible person), but since it's a role, maybe the actual person isn't named. However, the text says "incluiu o seu nome" (included their own name), so the person is the one who did this. But the name isn't explicitly mentioned, so maybe "responsável" is the participant here. But the example includes "fonte" (source) even when not named. Hmm, tricky.

Wait, the example output includes entities even if they're not explicitly named, like "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source). So maybe here, the responsible person is the participant, even if not named. But the text says "responsável" is the role, but the actual person isn't named. However, the person is the one who included their own name, so maybe "o responsável" is the participant. But since the name isn't given, perhaps it's not included. Wait, the example includes "fonte" even if it's not a named entity. So maybe "responsável" is considered a participant here.

Next, "mapas mensais de suplementos remuneratórios" – the monthly supplement maps. These are documents, so maybe not participants. The note is mentioned as "refere a nota" – the note refers to the responsible person's action. So "a nota" (the note) is a participant? But the note is a document, not an entity. Hmm, maybe not. The example includes "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as participants. So in this case, "a nota" might be a participant if it's an entity, but it's a document, so maybe not. Alternatively, the entity could be the organization that issued the note, but the text doesn't specify that. So maybe "a nota" isn't a participant here.

The key participants here are the responsible person (even if not named), the suplemento de escala (scale supplement), and the period from November 2011 to October 2016. Wait, the period is a time frame, not an entity. The suplemento de escala is a type of supplement, so maybe that's a participant. Also, the note itself is mentioned, but again, it's a document.

Wait, the example includes "os aeroportos" (the airports) as participants. So maybe in this case, the "suplemento de escala" is a participant. Also, the responsible person is the main participant. However, the responsible person isn't named, so maybe "o responsável" is the entity. But the example includes "fonte" even when not named. So perhaps "o responsável" is included here with a confidence score.

Let me list possible entities:

1. "o responsável" – the responsible person, even if not named. Confidence might be lower since it's a role, but the example includes "fonte" as a participant. So maybe 0.7.

2. "suplemento de escala" – the scale supplement. This is a type of benefit, so it's a participant. Confidence 0.8.

3. "mapas mensais de suplementos remuneratórios" – the monthly supplement maps. These are documents, but maybe not participants. The example includes "os aeroportos" as participants, which are places. So maybe not.

4. "a nota" – the note. But again, it's a document, not an entity. Unless the note is from an organization, but the text doesn't specify that.

5. The time period "novembro de 2011 a outubro de 2016" – this is a time frame, not an entity.

So the main participants are "o responsável" and "suplemento de escala". Also, the note is mentioned, but maybe not a participant. The example includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" even if not named. So maybe "a nota" is a participant here. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, the organization that issued the note, but it's not mentioned.

Wait, the example output includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In the input, the note is referred to as "refere a nota", so "a nota" is the entity. But the note is a document, so maybe not. However, the example includes "fonte" as a participant even though it's not a named entity. So perhaps "a nota" is included here as a participant. But I'm not certain. Alternatively, the note is a document, so not a participant. Hmm.

Another angle: participants are entities involved in the event. The responsible person is involved, the scale supplement is the subject of the action (including their name as a beneficiary), and the note is the source of the information. So maybe "a nota" is a participant. But the example includes "fonte" as a participant. So in this case, "a nota" could be considered a participant, similar to "fonte".

So possible entities:

- "o responsável" (confidence 0.7)
- "suplemento de escala" (confidence 0.8)
- "a nota" (confidence 0.6)
- "mapas mensais de suplementos remuneratórios" (maybe not, as they are documents)
- "novembro de 2011 a outubro de 2016" (time frame, not an entity)

Wait, the example includes "os aeroportos" as a participant. So maybe "os aeroportos" is a participant even if it's a general term. In this case, "mapas mensais" are documents, but "suplemento de escala" is a type of benefit. So maybe "suplemento de escala" is a participant.

Also, the responsible person is the one who included their name, so they are the main participant. The note is the source of the information, so maybe "a nota" is a participant. But the example includes "fonte" as a participant even when not named. So here, "a nota" is the source, so it's a participant.

So the final list would be:

["o responsável", 0.7], ["suplemento de escala", 0.8], ["a nota", 0.6]

But I need to check if there are any other entities. The time period is not an entity. The maps are documents, not participants. The note is the source, so included. The responsible person is the main participant. The supplement is the subject of the action. So that's three entities. But maybe "mapas mensais de suplementos remuneratórios" is a participant? The example includes "os aeroportos" as a participant. So maybe "mapas mensais" is a participant. But they are documents, not entities. Hmm.

Alternatively, the example includes "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So parts of the plane are considered. So in this case, the maps are documents, but maybe not participants. So sticking with the three entities mentioned earlier.

Another check: the example includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" even when not named. In this case, "a nota" is the source, so it's included. So the answer would be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["o responsável", 0.7], ["suplemento de escala", 0.8], ["a nota", 0.6]]