<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is a sentence in Portuguese about an accused person (arguido) who is charged with ordering his subordinates, the military personnel of the Criminal Investigation Unit (Núcleo de Investigação Criminal), to replace him in a service assignment.

The participants to classify are: "O arguido", "militares do efectivo do Núcleo de Investigação Criminal", "seus subordinados", and "Núcleo de Investigação Criminal".

Starting with "O arguido". Since "arguido" translates to "accused" in English, this refers to a person involved in a legal case. According to the classes, "Per" is for human individuals or divine entities. So "O arguido" should be "Per" with high confidence.

Next, "militares do efectivo do Núcleo de Investigação Criminal". "Militares" are military personnel, which are human individuals. The phrase refers to the military staff of the Criminal Investigation Unit. Even though it's a group, each member is a person, so this should be "Per" as well. The confidence is high here too.

Then, "seus subordinados". This translates to "his subordinates", which are people under his command. Again, these are individuals, so "Per" is the correct class. Confidence is high.

Lastly, "Núcleo de Investigação Criminal". This is the name of a unit or department, likely part of a police or investigative organization. The class "Org" is for organizations, companies, governments, etc. Since it's a structured unit within an organization, "Org" makes sense. Confidence here is also high.

I need to make sure there's no confusion between "Per" and "Org". The key is whether the entity is a person or a group/organization. The first three are people, the last is an organization. All classifications seem correct with high confidence.
</think>

<Output>
[["O arguido", "Per", 0.95], ["militares do efectivo do Núcleo de Investigação Criminal", "Per", 0.9], ["seus subordinados", "Per", 0.95], ["Núcleo de Investigação Criminal", "Org", 0.9]]
</Output>