<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "O homem, de 52 anos, foi atingido pelas balas de borracha nas pernas." Translating that, it's "The man, 52 years old, was hit by rubber bullets on the legs."

Looking for participants here. The main subject is "O homem" (the man), who is the one being affected. The rubber bullets are the object causing the action. The age "52 anos" is part of the man's description, so that's part of the entity. The sentence doesn't mention any other entities like organizations or locations. 

Wait, "balas de borracha" is a type of projectile, but are they considered a participant? According to the definition, participants are those involved or impacted. The rubber bullets are the cause of the action, so they might be considered as agents here. However, sometimes in such contexts, the bullets are just objects, not active participants. The example given in the task included things like "o motor" (the engine) as participants, so maybe inanimate objects involved in the event are included.

So, entities would be:
- "O homem" (the man) – definitely a participant as the victim.
- "52 anos" – part of the man's description, so maybe included as part of the entity "O homem, de 52 anos" or just "O homem" with the age as an attribute. The example output included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entities, so maybe the age is part of the entity name. But the example didn't have age attributes, so perhaps the age is not an entity on its own. Hmm, tricky. The example had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries, but the age here is part of the man's description. Maybe "O homem, de 52 anos" is the entity, but the example didn't include age details. Alternatively, maybe the age is not considered a separate entity. The user's example included "Lisboa" multiple times, so maybe repeated mentions are included as separate entities even if they refer to the same place. So perhaps "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" are considered different entities here? Wait, in the example, they had "Avião", "Um avião", "A aeronave", etc., which are different mentions of the same entity but considered separate. So maybe in this case, "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" are two separate entries. But the age is part of the description, so maybe it's better to include "O homem, de 52 anos" as the entity. However, the example didn't include age details, so maybe the age is not considered a separate entity. Alternatively, maybe the age is part of the entity's name. 

Also, "balas de borracha" – are these considered participants? The example included "o motor" as a participant, which is an object. So "balas de borracha" would be the object causing the action, so they are participants. So "balas de borracha" would be an entity here. 

So the entities would be:
- "O homem, de 52 anos" (the man, 52 years old) – confidence high, maybe 0.95
- "balas de borracha" (rubber bullets) – confidence high, maybe 0.9
- "nas pernas" – this is a location, but it's part of the action's description. However, the example included "aeroporto" and "os aeroportos" as entities. So "nas pernas" might not be an entity, as it's a body part, not an organization or a named entity. The example didn't include body parts, so maybe they are excluded. 

Wait, the example output included "a aeronave" and "o motor" as entities. So objects involved in the event are included. So "balas de borracha" are objects involved, so they should be included. 

So the final list would be:
["O homem, de 52 anos", 0.95], ["balas de borracha", 0.9]

But need to check if "O homem" is mentioned again. The original sentence says "O homem, de 52 anos, foi atingido pelas balas de borracha nas pernas." So "O homem" is the subject, and "balas de borracha" is the object. The age is part of the man's description. The example included "Avião" and "Um avião" as separate entries. So maybe "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" are considered different mentions. However, in the example, "Avião" and "A aeronave" were both included as separate entities. So perhaps here, "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" are two separate entities. But the age is just a descriptor. However, in the example, "a aeronave" and "o motor" were included even if they were different mentions. So maybe in this case, "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" are two separate entries. But the user's example included "Lisboa" multiple times, so maybe the same entity can be mentioned multiple times with different names. However, in this case, "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" are the same entity with more details. But the example didn't have such a case. Maybe the user expects that the age is part of the entity's name. Alternatively, maybe the age is not considered a separate entity. 

Alternatively, maybe the age is not an entity on its own, so "O homem" is the entity, and the age is just an attribute. But the example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entities. So perhaps in this case, "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" are two separate entries. 

But the user's example included "Lisboa" multiple times, so maybe the same entity can be mentioned with different names. However, in this case, "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" are the same entity with more details. But the example didn't have such a case. Maybe the user expects that the age is part of the entity's name. 

Alternatively, maybe the age is not considered an entity. The example didn't include age, so perhaps the age is not an entity. So the entities are "O homem" and "balas de borracha". 

But the example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entities. So if the same entity is mentioned with different articles, they are considered separate. So in this case, "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" are two different mentions of the same entity. However, the user's example included "Avião", "Um avião", "a aeronave", etc., which are different mentions. So perhaps in this case, "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" are two separate entries. 

But the user's example included "Lisboa" multiple times, so maybe the same entity can be mentioned multiple times. However, in this case, the age is part of the description. 

This is a bit ambiguous, but to follow the example, I think "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" would be considered separate entities. However, in the example, "Avião" and "A aeronave" were both included. So maybe "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" are two separate entities. 

But the user's example output included "Avião", "Um avião", "a aeronave", "o motor", etc., so different mentions of the same entity. So in this case, "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" are two mentions of the same entity. However, the user's example included "Lisboa" multiple times, so maybe the same entity can be mentioned multiple times. But the user's example also included "aeroporto" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as separate entries. So the same entity (the airport) is mentioned with different names. 

So in this case, "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" are two different mentions of the same entity. However, the user's example included "Avião" and "a aeronave" as separate entries, even though they refer to the same thing. So perhaps in this case, "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" are two separate entities. 

But the age is part of the description. However, the example didn't include age details. So maybe the age is not considered an entity. Therefore, the entities are "O homem" and "balas de borracha". 

Alternatively, the age is part of the entity's name. So "O homem, de 52 anos" is the entity. 

This is a bit confusing, but to align with the example, I think the user expects that the main entities are the subject and the object. So "O homem" and "balas de borracha". 

But the example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entities. So if the same entity is mentioned with different articles, they are considered separate. So in this case, "O homem" and "O homem, de 52 anos" are two different mentions. 

But the age is part of the description, so maybe it's better to include "O homem, de 52 anos" as the entity. 

Alternatively, the age is not an entity, so just "O homem". 

I think the safest approach is to include "O homem" and "balas de borracha" as the participants. The age is part of the man's description but not a separate entity. The example didn't include age, so maybe it's not considered. 

So the final answer would be:
[["O homem", 0.95], ["balas de borracha", 0.9]]
</think>

[["O homem", 0.95], ["balas de borracha", 0.9]]