<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is a quote from a source saying, "Não parou sequer quando os militares fizeram disparos de intimidação para o ar", and the source mentions not knowing the causes of the detainee's behavior.

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "os militares" – they are the ones making the warning shots. So that's a group.
2. "a fonte" – the source providing the information, which is a participant as they are involved in the statement.
3. "o detido" – the detainee whose behavior is being discussed. They are the subject here.

Now, checking for any other possible entities. The text mentions "disparos de intimidação" (intimidation shots), but that's an action, not an entity. The location isn't specified, so maybe no place names. The verb "fizeram" is part of the action by the militares.

I need to make sure I'm not missing any other entities. The source is mentioned twice: "a fonte" and "a mesma fonte". But in the output example, they included both instances. However, in the current input, the source is mentioned once as "a fonte" and then "a mesma fonte" later. Wait, in the input provided, the user's example output included "a fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. But in the current input, the text is: "acrescentou a fonte, que afirmou desconhecer as causas do comportamento do detido." So "a fonte" is mentioned once. Then, in the example, they had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. However, in the current input, there's no "a mesma fonte" mentioned. Wait, the input here is different from the example. Let me check again.

The input given is: "“Não parou sequer quando os militares fizeram disparos de intimidação para o ar”, acrescentou a fonte, que afirmou desconhecer as causas do comportamento do detido."

So the source is mentioned once as "a fonte". There's no "a mesma fonte" here. So maybe only "a fonte" is present. However, the example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. But in this case, the input doesn't have "a mesma fonte", so I shouldn't include that. Wait, but the example might have been from a different input. Let me focus on the current input.

So the participants here are:

- "os militares" – group, confidence high (0.9)
- "a fonte" – the source, confidence medium (0.7)
- "o detido" – the detainee, confidence high (0.9)

Are there any others? The text mentions "disparos de intimidação", but that's an action, not an entity. "Comportamento" is a noun but not an entity. "Detido" is the detainee, which is a person. "Fonte" is the source, which is an entity. "Militares" is a group. 

I think that's all. Now, assigning confidence scores. "os militares" is clearly a group involved, so 0.9. "a fonte" is the entity providing the information, so 0.7. "o detido" is the person whose behavior is discussed, so 0.9. 

Wait, but in the example output, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. However, in this input, "a fonte" is mentioned once. So maybe just "a fonte" here. Also, "detido" is a person, so that's a participant. 

I think that's all. So the final list would be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["os militares", 0.9], ["a fonte", 0.7], ["o detido", 0.9]]