<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., and even specific items like "o motor" (the engine) if they are relevant.

First, I need to read the input text carefully. The input here is: "Como o caso envolveu armas de fogo, a Polícia Judiciária vai ser informada de detalhes, indicou a fonte." 

Breaking it down, the main elements here are:

1. "armas de fogo" (firearms) – these are involved in the case, so they might be a participant as they are part of the event.
2. "a Polícia Judiciária" (the Judicial Police) – they are being informed, so they are definitely a participant.
3. "a fonte" (the source) – mentioned as the one indicating the information, so that's a participant too.

Now, checking for any other possible entities. The sentence mentions "o caso" (the case), but that's more of a situation rather than a participant. "detalhes" (details) are just information being shared, not an entity. The verb phrases like "vai ser informada" (will be informed) don't refer to entities. 

Looking at the example output, they included repeated entities like "Avião" and "o motor" multiple times if they appeared in different contexts. However, in this case, "a Polícia Judiciária" and "a fonte" are mentioned once each. "armas de fogo" is also mentioned once. 

I need to make sure that each entity is listed with a confidence score. Since these are all explicitly mentioned, the confidence should be high, maybe around 0.9 or 1.0. However, "armas de fogo" might be a bit ambiguous. Are they considered a participant here? According to the definition, participants are those involved in or impacted by the event. Since the case involved firearms, they are part of the event, so they should be included. 

So the final list would be:
- "armas de fogo" with confidence 0.9
- "a Polícia Judiciária" with confidence 1.0
- "a fonte" with confidence 0.9

I should check if there are any other entities. The word "caso" is mentioned, but it's the case itself, not an entity. "detalhes" are not entities. "indicou" is a verb, not an entity. So I think that's all.
</think>

[["armas de fogo", 0.9], ["a Polícia Judiciária", 1.0], ["a fonte", 0.9]]