<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., that are involved or affected by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is a Portuguese text about an incident where a death was declared by a doctor from the INEM helicopter. The source is the CDOS of Viana do Castelo.

I'll start by identifying all the entities mentioned. Let's break down the sentence:

"Segundo a fonte do Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Viana do Castelo, o óbito foi declarado no local pelo médico do helicóptero do Instituto Nacional de Emergência Médica (INEM), acionado para o local."

Key entities here:

1. "a fonte" – the source. But in the example, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. However, in this case, it's "a fonte do Comando Distrital..." so maybe "a fonte" and "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Viana do Castelo" are separate. Wait, the example had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. But here, the source is specifically from CDOS. So maybe "a fonte" and "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Viana do Castelo" are both participants. But the example included "fonte" as an entity. Hmm.

2. "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Viana do Castelo" – this is an organization, so definitely a participant.

3. "o médico do helicóptero" – the doctor from the helicopter. The doctor is an individual, so that's a participant.

4. "Instituto Nacional de Emergência Médica (INEM)" – another organization, so participant.

5. "helicóptero" – the helicopter. Wait, in the example, they included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So maybe the helicopter here is also a participant. But the helicopter is part of INEM, so maybe it's considered as part of the organization. However, the example included "o motor" as a separate entity. So perhaps the helicopter is a participant here.

6. "acionado para o local" – the helicopter was called to the location. So the action is by INEM, but the helicopter itself is a participant.

Wait, but the example included "a aeronave" and "o avião" as separate entities. So in this case, the helicopter is a participant. But the example also included "o motor" as a participant. So maybe any object involved is considered a participant.

So, possible entities:

- a fonte (the source)
- Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Viana do Castelo
- o médico do helicóptero
- Instituto Nacional de Emergência Médica (INEM)
- helicóptero
- Viana do Castelo (location, but in the example, locations like "Lisboa" and "aeroporto" were included as participants. So maybe locations are considered participants if they are part of the event.)

Wait, in the example, "aeroporto" and "os aeroportos" were included. So locations are participants. So "Viana do Castelo" would be a participant here.

But the input text mentions "Viana do Castelo" as part of the CDOS. So maybe "Viana do Castelo" is a location participant.

Also, "o local" is mentioned twice. The example included "Lisboa" as a participant. So "o local" might be considered as a participant, but since it's not specified, maybe it's not included. However, in the example, "Lisboa" was included even though it was a location. So perhaps "o local" here is a participant, but since it's not named, maybe it's not. Alternatively, if "o local" refers to the location where the incident happened, but since it's not specified, maybe it's not included. Hmm, tricky.

So, compiling the list:

1. "a fonte" – participant, confidence maybe 0.8
2. "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Viana do Castelo" – participant, confidence 0.9
3. "o médico do helicóptero" – participant, confidence 0.9
4. "Instituto Nacional de Emergência Médica (INEM)" – participant, confidence 0.9
5. "helicóptero" – participant, confidence 0.7
6. "Viana do Castelo" – location, participant, confidence 0.8

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was included as a participant. So "Viana do Castelo" should be included as well.

But the example also included "os aeroportos" and "Farnborough", "Inglaterra", etc. So locations are considered participants.

So, "Viana do Castelo" is a location participant.

Also, "o local" is mentioned, but since it's not specified, maybe not. But in the example, "Lisboa" was included even though it was part of the airport name. So maybe "Viana do Castelo" is included.

Now, checking for any other entities. The text says "acionado para o local" – the helicopter was called to the location. The helicopter is part of INEM, so maybe the helicopter is a participant. But the example included "a aeronave" and "o avião" as separate entities. So the helicopter here is a participant.

So the list would be:

["a fonte", 0.8], ["Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Viana do Castelo", 0.9], ["o médico do helicóptero", 0.9], ["Instituto Nacional de Emergência Médica (INEM)", 0.9], ["helicóptero", 0.7], ["Viana do Castelo", 0.8]

Wait, but in the example, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. Here, the source is "a fonte do CDOS", so maybe "a fonte" is a participant, and "Comando Distrital..." is another. But in the example, "fonte" was included as a separate entity. So I think that's correct here.

Also, the example included "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as participants. So in this case, "a fonte" is a participant, and the CDOS is another.

Another thing: the example had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. Here, the helicopter is mentioned once, but maybe "helicóptero" is the only one. Also, the example included "a aeronave" and "o avião" as separate entries. So in this case, "helicóptero" is a participant.

I think that's all. Now, checking for any other possible entities. The text doesn't mention any other organizations or individuals. The "médico" is an individual, so that's a participant. The helicopter is an object involved, so participant. The CDOS and INEM are organizations. Viana do Castelo is a location. The source is a participant. So that's the list.
</think>

[["a fonte", 0.8], ["Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Viana do Castelo", 0.9], ["o médico do helicóptero", 0.9], ["Instituto Nacional de Emergência Médica (INEM)", 0.9], ["helicóptero", 0.7], ["Viana do Castelo", 0.8]]