<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "A fonte adiantou que o homem "estaria a fazer trabalhos florestais, quando a árvore que cortava lhe caiu em cima"."

Breaking it down, the main elements here are:

1. "A fonte" – This is a participant, likely a source or informant. The confidence here is high because it's explicitly mentioned.
2. "o homem" – The man involved in the incident. Definitely a participant.
3. "trabalhos florestais" – This is an activity, not an entity, so probably not a participant.
4. "a árvore" – The tree that fell on the man. Since it's an object involved in the event, it's a participant.
5. "que cortava" – This refers to the action of cutting the tree, but the subject here is the man. So maybe "a árvore que cortava" is the tree being cut, but the main participant is the man. Wait, the sentence says "a árvore que cortava lhe caiu em cima." So the tree that was being cut fell on him. So the tree is a participant here.

Now, checking for duplicates. "A fonte" and "a fonte" might be the same, but in the input, it's "A fonte" once. Then "a árvore" and "a árvore que cortava" – but the latter is a relative clause modifying the tree. So "a árvore" is the main entity here. Also, "o homem" is mentioned once. 

Wait, the example output in the task had repeated entries like "Um avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were the same entity. So maybe even if the same entity is mentioned multiple times with different phrases, each should be listed separately with their own confidence. But in this case, "a árvore" and "a árvore que cortava" are the same entity, just with a relative clause. However, the user's example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So perhaps each distinct mention is considered a separate entity even if they refer to the same thing. 

So in this case, "a árvore" and "a árvore que cortava" are both mentions of the same entity, but the user might want them listed as separate entries. But I need to check if they are considered different. Alternatively, maybe "a árvore que cortava" is a description of the tree, so the entity is still "a árvore" and the relative clause is just a modifier. So maybe just "a árvore" is the entity here. But the example had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So perhaps even if they refer to the same thing, each mention is considered a separate entity. 

So in the input, "a árvore" is mentioned once, and "a árvore que cortava" is another mention. But since the user's example included both, I should list them as separate entities. However, the user's example had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So maybe the same applies here. 

So the participants would be:

- "A fonte" (confidence high, maybe 0.9)
- "o homem" (confidence high, 0.9)
- "a árvore" (confidence high, 0.9)
- "a árvore que cortava" (maybe slightly lower confidence, but still high, 0.85)
- "trabalhos florestais" – no, that's an activity, not an entity.
- "lhe" – a pronoun, but not an entity.
- "em cima" – preposition, not an entity.

Wait, but the example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So in this case, "A fonte" is mentioned once, so just that. 

So the final list would be:

["A fonte", 0.9], ["o homem", 0.9], ["a árvore", 0.9], ["a árvore que cortava", 0.85]

But wait, the user's example had entries like "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as separate entities. So even if it's a specific location, it's included. In this case, "a árvore que cortava" is a specific tree, so it's a participant. But maybe the user considers "a árvore" and "a árvore que cortava" as the same entity, but since they are different mentions, they are listed separately. 

Alternatively, maybe "a árvore que cortava" is a description of the tree's action, but the entity is still the tree. However, the user's example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So perhaps each distinct mention is considered a separate entity, even if they refer to the same thing. 

Therefore, I'll list both "a árvore" and "a árvore que cortava" as separate entities with their respective confidence scores. 

But wait, the original input is: "a árvore que cortava lhe caiu em cima". The "que cortava" is a relative clause modifying "a árvore", so the entity is "a árvore" and the action is "cortava". So maybe "a árvore" is the main entity, and the relative clause is just a description. However, the user's example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So perhaps each mention is considered a separate entity. 

In that case, "a árvore" and "a árvore que cortava" are two different mentions of the same entity. But the user's example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So maybe in this case, "a árvore" and "a árvore que cortava" are considered separate entities. 

But I'm not entirely sure. However, following the example, I should list each distinct mention as a separate entity. Therefore, the answer would include both "a árvore" and "a árvore que cortava" as separate entries. 

So the final JSON list would be:

[
  ["A fonte", 0.9],
  ["o homem", 0.9],
  ["a árvore", 0.9],
  ["a árvore que cortava", 0.85]
]

But wait, the example output had entries like "Lisboa" and "Lisboa" again, so they were included multiple times. So in this case, "a árvore" and "a árvore que cortava" are two different mentions, so they are both included. 

Therefore, the answer should be as above.
</think>

[["A fonte", 0.9], ["o homem", 0.9], ["a árvore", 0.9], ["a árvore que cortava", 0.85]]