<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their own confidence scores. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Fonte do INEM contactada pela Lusa explicou que, além do meio aéreo, foram acionadas duas ambulâncias, de Monção e Valença, uma vez que as informações iniciais apontavam para a existência de dois feridos, o que não se veio a comprovar."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "Fonte do INEM" – This is a source from INEM, which is a Portuguese emergency service. The confidence here is high since it's explicitly mentioned.
2. "pela Lusa" – Lusa is a news agency, so that's another participant. Confidence is high.
3. "meio aéreo" – Refers to an aerial means, possibly a helicopter or similar. It's a noun phrase, so confidence might be medium.
4. "duas ambulâncias" – Two ambulances. Since they are mentioned as being from specific places, maybe they are entities. But the text says "de Monção e Valença," which are locations. Wait, the ambulâncias are from Monção and Valença, so those are the locations, but the ambulâncias themselves are the participants. However, the text doesn't name specific ambulances, just mentions two in general. So maybe "duas ambulâncias" is the entity here. Confidence might be lower since they are not named.
5. "Monção" and "Valença" – These are cities in Portugal. They are locations where the ambulances are from. Since they are mentioned as the origin of the ambulances, they are participants. Confidence is high.
6. "informações iniciais" – Initial information. This is a concept, not an entity. Maybe not a participant.
7. "dois feridos" – Two injured people. They are mentioned as potential participants, but the text says it wasn't confirmed. So maybe they are not actual participants. But the user's definition includes entities impacted by the event. If the feridos were potential, but not confirmed, should they be included? The example included "dois feridos" in the output, so maybe even if not confirmed, they are still considered as participants. So "dois feridos" would be an entity here. Confidence might be lower since it's hypothetical.

Looking at the example output, they included "dois feridos" with a confidence of 0.5. So I should follow that.

Now, checking for duplicates. The example had "Lisboa" multiple times, each with their own confidence. So even if the same entity is mentioned multiple times, each instance is listed separately.

So in the input, "Fonte do INEM" is mentioned once, "pela Lusa" once, "meio aéreo" once, "duas ambulâncias" once, "Monção" once, "Valença" once, "dois feridos" once. 

Wait, but "dois feridos" is mentioned once. Also, "informações iniciais" might not be a participant. The user's definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The initial information is part of the context, but not an entity. So maybe not included.

So compiling the list:

["Fonte do INEM", "pela Lusa", "meio aéreo", "duas ambulâncias", "Monção", "Valença", "dois feridos"]

Now assigning confidence scores. 

"Fonte do INEM" – high confidence, maybe 0.95.
"pela Lusa" – high, 0.95.
"meio aéreo" – medium, 0.7.
"duas ambulâncias" – since they are not named, maybe 0.6.
"Monção" and "Valença" – high, 0.9 each.
"dois feridos" – since it's not confirmed, maybe 0.5.

So the JSON array would be:

[["Fonte do INEM", 0.95], ["pela Lusa", 0.95], ["meio aéreo", 0.7], ["duas ambulâncias", 0.6], ["Monção", 0.9], ["Valença", 0.9], ["dois feridos", 0.5]]

I need to make sure that all entities are captured, even if they are repeated. In this case, there are no exact repeats, so each is listed once. Also, check if "dois feridos" is considered a participant. Since the definition includes those impacted, even if not confirmed, it's included. The example included "dois feridos" with 0.5, so that's correct.
</think>

[["Fonte do INEM", 0.95], ["pela Lusa", 0.95], ["meio aéreo", 0.7], ["duas ambulâncias", 0.6], ["Monção", 0.9], ["Valença", 0.9], ["dois feridos", 0.5]]