<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input sentence and the participants to classify. The input is: "Automóvel atropela várias pessoas durante manifestação 'Black Lives Matter' em Manhattan". The participants are ["Automóvel", "várias pessoas", "manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'", "Manhattan", "Black Lives Matter", "'Black Lives Matter'"].

The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let me go through each participant one by one.

Starting with "Automóvel". That's Portuguese for "car". In the context, it's the subject performing the action of atropeling. Since it's a vehicle, it's an object. So class Object.

Next, "várias pessoas". That translates to "several people". These are individuals involved in the event, so they should be classified as Person.

"manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'". A manifestation is an event or gathering. The name "Black Lives Matter" is a social movement. The entire phrase refers to the event, which is a manifestation. But the movement itself is an organization or a cause. However, the term "manifestação" here is the event, so maybe it's a Location? Wait, no. The manifestation is an event, but in the classes, there's no event category. The closest would be Organization if it's a group, but the phrase is "manifestação" which is an event. Wait, the classes include Organization, which might refer to groups. However, "Black Lives Matter" is an organization. But the phrase here is "manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'", which is the event happening. So maybe the manifestation is a Location? Or maybe it's a Facility? Hmm, not sure. Wait, the example in the initial task had "aeroporto" as Facility. So maybe "manifestação" is an event, but the classes don't have an event class. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So perhaps "manifestação" is a Location? Or maybe it's considered an Organization? Wait, "Black Lives Matter" is an organization, but the manifestation is the event. So maybe the entire phrase is an Organization? Or perhaps the manifestation is an event, but since there's no event class, maybe it's Other? Alternatively, maybe "manifestação" is a Location. Wait, in the example, "aeroporto" was Facility, and "Lisboa" was a Location. So "manifestação" is an event, but perhaps it's classified as Other? Or maybe it's considered a Facility? Not sure. Let me think again. The example had "manifestação" as part of the input, but in the output, "manifestação" wasn't listed. Wait, in the example given, the participants included "aeroporto" as Facility, "Lisboa" as Location, etc. So for "manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'", perhaps the "manifestação" is an event, but since there's no event class, maybe it's Other. Alternatively, maybe the "Black Lives Matter" is the organization, and the manifestation is an event. But the participants are the entities involved. So the manifestation is the event, but the classes don't have an event. So maybe it's Other. Alternatively, maybe the "manifestação" is a Location? Not sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "aeroporto" was Facility, "Lisboa" was Location. So maybe "manifestação" is a Location? Or maybe it's an Organization? Wait, "Black Lives Matter" is an organization, so the phrase "manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'" refers to the event organized by that group. So the manifestation is the event, but the group is the organization. So perhaps the "manifestação" is a Location? Or maybe it's Other. Alternatively, maybe the entire phrase is considered an Organization. Hmm. This is tricky. Let me look at the other participants.

"Manhattan" is a city, so that's a Location.

"Black Lives Matter" is the name of an organization, so that's an Organization.

"'Black Lives Matter'" is the same as the previous, just quoted. So also Organization.

So for "manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'", the manifestation is the event, but the classes don't have an event. So maybe it's considered a Location? Or perhaps it's Other. Alternatively, maybe the "manifestação" is a Facility? No, that doesn't fit. Alternatively, maybe it's considered a Nature? No. Wait, the example had "aeroporto" as Facility, "Lisboa" as Location. So "manifestação" is an event, but since there's no event class, perhaps it's Other. But the example didn't have such a case. Alternatively, maybe the "manifestação" is considered a Location. But that doesn't make sense. Alternatively, maybe the "manifestação" is a Facility? No. Maybe it's an Object? But the object is the car. Wait, the car is the object. The people are the persons. The manifestation is an event. Since there's no event class, maybe it's Other. Alternatively, maybe the "manifestação" is considered a Location. But Manhattan is already a Location. So perhaps the "manifestação" is Other. Alternatively, maybe the "manifestação" is a Facility? Not sure. Let me think again. The example had "aeroporto" as Facility, "Lisboa" as Location. So "manifestação" is an event, which is not covered by the classes. So maybe it's Other. But the user's example had "manifestação" as part of the input, but in the output, the participants were classified. Wait, in the example given, the participants included "aeroporto" as Facility, "Lisboa" as Location, etc. So for the current input, "manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'" would be an event, but since there's no event class, perhaps it's Other. Alternatively, maybe the "Black Lives Matter" is the organization, and the manifestation is the event. But the participants are the entities involved. So the manifestation is an event, but since there's no class for that, maybe it's Other. But the user's example didn't have such a case. Alternatively, maybe the "manifestação" is considered a Location. But that's not accurate. Alternatively, maybe it's a Facility. Not sure. Let me check the classes again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So if the "manifestação" is an event, and there's no class for that, then it's Other. So I'll go with Other for "manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'". 

Wait, but in the example, the participants included "aeroporto" as Facility, "Lisboa" as Location. So "manifestação" is an event, but since there's no event class, maybe it's Other. So for "manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'", the class is Other. 

But wait, the user's example had "manifestação" as part of the input, but in the output, the participants were classified. Let me check the example again. The example input was about an airplane landing, and the participants included "aeroporto" as Facility, "Lisboa" as Location, etc. So in the current case, "manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'" is an event, but since there's no event class, it's Other. 

So, summarizing:

Automóvel: Object
várias pessoas: Person
manifestação 'Black Lives Matter': Other
Manhattan: Location
Black Lives Matter: Organization
'Black Lives Matter': Organization

Wait, but the user's example had "à agência Lusa" as Organization. So "Black Lives Matter" is an organization. The phrase "manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'" is the event, so maybe it's Other. 

So the final classifications would be:

["Automóvel", "Obj"], ["várias pessoas", "Per"], ["manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'", "Other"], ["Manhattan", "Loc"], ["Black Lives Matter", "Org"], ["'Black Lives Matter'", "Org"]

Wait, but the user's example had "aeroporto" as Facility, "Lisboa" as Location. So "Manhattan" is a city, so Location. 

So the answer should be as above.
</think>

<Output>[["Automóvel", "Obj"], ["várias pessoas", "Per"], ["manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'", "Other"], ["Manhattan", "Loc"], ["Black Lives Matter", "Org"], ["'Black Lives Matter'", "Org"]]</Output>