<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants to classify. The input is a news sentence about a car driver hitting several people during a "Black Lives Matter" demonstration in Manhattan, New York, USA. The authorities haven't specified if it was an accident or intentional.

The participants to classify are: "automobilista", "várias pessoas", "manifestação", "movimento 'Black Lives Matter'", "Black Lives Matter", "As Vidas Negras Importam", "Manhattan", "Nova Iorque", "Estados Unidos", "as autoridades".

The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Wait, but the example output had "Pl_capital" and "Pl_country" which aren't in the original classes. Oh, maybe the user is using some extended classes. Let me check the example again. The example had "Fac" for aeroporto, "Pl_capital" for Lisboa, "Pl_civil" for Farnborough, "Pl_country" for Inglaterra, etc. So perhaps the classes here are more specific, like Location types. But the original classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Wait, maybe the example used some abbreviations for location types. For instance, "Pl_capital" might be a subclass of Location. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. However, the example output includes entries like "Pl_capital" which isn't in the original list. That's confusing. Wait, maybe the example is using a different set of classes. Let me check again.

In the example, the output includes entries like ["aeroporto", "Fac"], ["no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", "Fac"], ["Lisboa", "Pl_capital"], etc. So "Fac" is Facility, "Pl_capital" is a type of Location, maybe. But according to the user's instruction, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example is using some abbreviations or extended classes. But the user's task says to use the classes as listed. So maybe in the example, "Pl_capital" is considered a Location, and "Fac" is Facility. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. So perhaps the example is using some of the classes, but the user's actual task here has the same classes. Wait, the user's instruction says to use the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So the example might have used some of those, but the output in the example includes "Pl_capital" which isn't in the original classes. That's conflicting. Maybe the example is using a different set of classes. But the user's task says to use the classes as listed. So perhaps the example is incorrect, or maybe the user made a mistake. But I need to follow the user's instruction.

So, for the current input, I need to classify each participant into one of the seven classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

Let's go through each participant:

1. "automobilista" – this is a person driving a car. So Person.

2. "várias pessoas" – several people, so Person.

3. "manifestação" – a demonstration, which is an event. But the classes don't have "Event" as a category. The closest would be Nature? Or maybe Object? Wait, "manifestação" is an event, but in the example, "manifestação" was classified as "Obj" (Object). Wait, in the example, "manifestação" was part of the input, but in the output, the example's participants included "manifestação" as "Obj" (Object). Wait, but the example's output had "manifestação" as "Obj"? Wait, looking back at the example input, the participants included "manifestação" but in the output, the example's participants to classify were different. Wait, maybe I need to check again. The example input had "manifestação" as part of the participants? No, in the example input, the participants to classify were different. Wait, the example input was about an airplane landing, and the participants to classify were things like "Avião", "o motor", etc. So in the current task, the participants are different.

So for the current input:

"automobilista" – Person.

"várias pessoas" – Person.

"manifestação" – This is an event, but the classes don't have "Event". The closest would be Object? Or maybe Nature? Wait, "manifestação" is a type of activity. But in the example, "manifestação" was not present. Wait, in the example, the participants included "aeroporto" as Facility. So perhaps "manifestação" is an event, but since there's no "Event" class, maybe it's classified as Object. Or maybe it's considered a Nature? Or perhaps Other. Alternatively, maybe it's considered a Facility? No, that doesn't fit. Hmm.

Wait, the example's output for "manifestação" wasn't present, but in the current input, "manifestação" is a participant. Let me think. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities involved in or impacted by an event. "Manifestação" is an event, but the classes don't have an event category. So perhaps it's classified as Object, since it's a thing. Or maybe Nature? Or Other. Alternatively, maybe it's considered a Facility? No. So perhaps "manifestação" is an Object.

Next, "movimento 'Black Lives Matter'" – this is a movement, which is an organization. So Organization.

"Black Lives Matter" – same as above, Organization.

"As Vidas Negras Importam" – this is the Portuguese translation of "Black Lives Matter", so it's the same movement, so Organization.

"Manhattan" – a location, so Location.

"Nova Iorque" – New York, a city, so Location.

"Estados Unidos" – United States, a country, so Location.

"as autoridades" – the authorities, which is a group, so Organization.

Wait, but "as autoridades" is a group, so Organization. But sometimes "autoridades" can be considered as a role, but in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was classified as Organization. So "as autoridades" would be Organization.

So compiling all:

automobilista → Person

várias pessoas → Person

manifestação → Object (since it's an event, but no event class, so Object)

movimento 'Black Lives Matter' → Organization

Black Lives Matter → Organization

As Vidas Negras Importam → Organization

Manhattan → Location

Nova Iorque → Location

Estados Unidos → Location

as autoridades → Organization

Wait, but "manifestação" – maybe it's a Nature? Or maybe it's a Facility? No. The example had "manifestação" as "Obj" in the example? Wait, in the example input, the participants included "manifestação" but in the output, the example's participants to classify were different. Wait, the example input was about an airplane, so the participants were different. So in the current case, "manifestação" is an event. Since the classes don't have an event, perhaps it's Object. Alternatively, maybe it's considered a Nature? Or Other? Let me check the example again. In the example, the output had "aeroporto" as Facility, "Lisboa" as Pl_capital (which is a type of Location), etc. So maybe "manifestação" is an Object. So I'll go with Object.

So the final list would be:

["automobilista", "Person"], ["várias pessoas", "Person"], ["manifestação", "Object"], ["movimento 'Black Lives Matter'", "Organization"], ["Black Lives Matter", "Organization"], ["As Vidas Negras Importam", "Organization"], ["Manhattan", "Location"], ["Nova Iorque", "Location"], ["Estados Unidos", "Location"], ["as autoridades", "Organization"]

Wait, but "as autoridades" is a group, so Organization. But sometimes "autoridades" could be considered as a role, but in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was classified as Organization. So yes, Organization.

Now, checking if any of the participants are classified as Facility, Nature, etc. For example, "Estados Unidos" is a country, so Location. "Manhattan" is a city, Location. "Nova Iorque" is a city, Location. "Black Lives Matter" is an organization. "As Vidas Negras Importam" is the same as the movement, so Organization. "manifestação" is an event, so Object. "várias pessoas" are people, Person. "automobilista" is a person, Person. "as autoridades" is an organization.

So the output should be:

[
  ["automobilista", "Person"],
  ["várias pessoas", "Person"],
  ["manifestação", "Object"],
  ["movimento 'Black Lives Matter'", "Organization"],
  ["Black Lives Matter", "Organization"],
  ["As Vidas Negras Importam", "Organization"],
  ["Manhattan", "Location"],
  ["Nova Iorque", "Location"],
  ["Estados Unidos", "Location"],
  ["as autoridades", "Organization"]
]

But wait, the example output had "Pl_capital" for cities like Lisboa, but in the current task, the classes are as per the user's instruction. So "Manhattan", "Nova Iorque", "Estados Unidos" are all Location. The example's output had "Pl_capital" for cities, but the user's classes don't have that. So I should use the standard classes. So "Manhattan" is Location, "Nova Iorque" is Location, "Estados Unidos" is Location.

But wait, "Estados Unidos" is a country, so maybe it's a Location. The example had "Inglaterra" as "Pl_country", but in the user's classes, that's just Location. So I think the correct classification is Location for all three.

So the final answer should be as above.
</think>

<Output>[["automobilista", "Person"], ["várias pessoas", "Person"], ["manifestação", "Object"], ["movimento 'Black Lives Matter'", "Organization"], ["Black Lives Matter", "Organization"], ["As Vidas Negras Importam", "Organization"], ["Manhattan", "Location"], ["Nova Iorque", "Location"], ["Estados Unidos", "Location"], ["as autoridades", "Organization"]]</Output>