<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence in Portuguese about an incident causing injuries and some hospitals in the 'Big Apple' (which is a nickname for New York City). The participants to classify are four entities: "vários feridos", "vários hospitais da 'Big Apple'", "agência France-Presse (AFP)", and "polícia de Nova Iorque (NYPD)".

The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let me go through each participant one by one.

Starting with "vários feridos". The term translates to "several injured people". Since these are people who were hurt, they should be classified as "Person". But wait, the class options include "Nature" and "Other". However, "feridos" refers to individuals, so "Person" seems correct. But I need to check if "Nature" is for abstract concepts. Since "feridos" are people, it's definitely "Person".

Next is "vários hospitais da 'Big Apple'". "Hospitais" are hospitals, which are facilities. The 'Big Apple' is a nickname for New York City, so the hospitals are located there. So "vários hospitais" would be "Facility" because they are buildings where medical care is provided. The location here is part of the facility's name, but the main entity is the hospitals. So this should be "Facility".

Third, "agência France-Presse (AFP)". "Agência" means agency, and France-Presse is a news agency. So this is an organization. The parentheses include the acronym AFP, which is the same organization. So this is "Organization".

Fourth, "polícia de Nova Iorque (NYPD)". "Polícia" is police, and NYPD is the New York Police Department. This is also an organization. The name in parentheses is the official name, so it's definitely "Organization".

Wait, let me double-check. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

"Vários feridos" are people, so Person. 

"Vários hospitais" are facilities. 

"Agência France-Presse" is an organization. 

"Polícia de Nova Iorque" is also an organization. 

So the classifications should be:

["vários feridos", "Person"], ["vários hospitais da 'Big Apple'", "Facility"], ["agência France-Presse (AFP)", "Organization"], ["polícia de Nova Iorque (NYPD)", "Organization"].

I need to make sure there's no other possible class. For example, "Big Apple" is a location, but the participant is "hospitais da 'Big Apple'", which refers to the hospitals located there. So the main entity is the hospitals, not the location. Hence, "Facility" is correct. 

Also, "Nature" is for abstract concepts like emotions or states, which isn't the case here. "Other" is for entities that don't fit into the other categories, but none of these fit that. 

So the final answer should be the JSON list with these classifications.
</think>

<Output>[["vários feridos", "Person"], ["vários hospitais da 'Big Apple'", "Facility"], ["agência France-Presse (AFP)", "Organization"], ["polícia de Nova Iorque (NYPD)", "Organization"]]