<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and they might be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "A 60-year-old man was detained in preventive detention after being detained in Trofa, Porto district, for being suspected of repeated domestic violence against his 59-year-old wife, the GNR revealed today."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the man, his wife, and the GNR. Let's look for each:

1. "A 60-year-old man" – clearly an individual. The age is given, but the key is the person. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

2. "his 59-year-old wife" – another individual. The possessive "his" links her to the man. Confidence is also high, 0.95.

3. "GNR" – this is an organization, the National Republican Guard in Portugal. It's mentioned as the source of the revelation. Confidence here is high, 0.9.

Other possible entities: "preventive detention" is a legal term, not an entity. "Trofa, Porto district" are locations, but the task is about participants, which are entities involved. The locations might be considered as part of the context but not participants unless they are organizations. "Porto district" is a place, not an entity. "the GNR revealed today" – "today" is a time, not an entity. 

Wait, the example output included "Lusa.", "a Public Security Police", etc. So even if something is a source or an organization, they are included. So GNR is definitely a participant here as the revealing entity. 

Are there any other entities? The sentence mentions "repeated domestic violence" – that's an action, not an entity. "Detained" is an action. So the main participants are the man, his wife, and GNR. 

I need to make sure I don't miss any. Let me check again. The man is the subject, the wife is the victim, GNR is the organization revealing the information. No other entities are mentioned. 

So the final list should be these three entities with their confidence scores. Let me assign the scores. The man and wife are clearly mentioned, so 0.95 each. GNR is a known organization, so 0.9. I think that's it.
</think>

[["A 60-year-old man", 0.95], ["his 59-year-old wife", 0.95], ["GNR", 0.9]]