<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants listed. The input is a sentence about a detainee being present for a judicial interrogation at the Matosinhos Judicial Court, and a statement mentions the coercive measure applied.

The participants to classify are "The detainee", "Matosinhos Judicial Court", and "the statement". 

Starting with "The detainee": The term "detainee" refers to a person who is being held in custody, usually by legal authorities. According to the classes, "Per" is for human individuals or characters. So, "The detainee" should be classified as "Per" with high confidence, maybe 0.95.

Next, "Matosinhos Judicial Court": This sounds like a specific court or facility. The class "Fac" is for facilities. Since courts are buildings where legal proceedings take place, this should be "Fac" with confidence around 0.9.

Lastly, "the statement": The statement is mentioned as something that was said, so it's likely a source or an organization. However, "statement" itself is a general term. The example given in the task includes "source" as "Per", but here "the statement" might refer to a written or spoken report. However, in the example provided earlier, "source" was classified as "Per" when it was "a Public Security Police source". But in this case, "the statement" is more like a document or a report, which might fall under "Loc" or "Other". However, looking back at the classes, "Loc" is for places not fitting other Pl_ categories, and "Other" is for entities not fitting elsewhere. Alternatively, if "the statement" is a source, maybe "Org" or "Per". But the example had "source" as "Per" when it was a person. However, here "the statement" is a document, not a person. So maybe "Other" with lower confidence, like 0.6. Alternatively, if it's considered a location (like a web page or document), but "Loc" is for places. Hmm, this is tricky. The example had "website." as "Loc", so maybe "the statement" is a document, which could be "Loc" but I'm not sure. Alternatively, "Other" might be more appropriate. Let me check the definitions again. "Other" is for entities not fitting other categories, like "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt). So "the statement" is a document, which isn't covered by the other classes. So maybe "Other" with confidence 0.7. But I need to be careful here. Alternatively, if "the statement" refers to an organization, but that's not clear. Given the ambiguity, I'll go with "Other" at 0.7.
</think>

<Output>
[["The detainee", "Per", 0.95], ["Matosinhos Judicial Court", "Fac", 0.9], ["the statement", "Other", 0.7]]
</Output>