<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what counts as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Em nota publicada na sua página, aquela procuradoria refere que os abusos terão começado em 2017, numa altura em que a vítima tinha 10 anos."

Breaking it down. The main entities here are "procuradoria" (prosecutor's office), "a vítima" (the victim), and possibly "a nota" (the note) if it's considered an entity. The text mentions the procuradoria published a note on their page. The victim is mentioned as having been 10 years old when the abuse started.

So, participants would be the procuradoria, the victim, and maybe the note. However, the note is a document, not an entity involved in the event. The victim is clearly a participant as they are impacted. The procuradoria is the one making the statement, so they are involved. Are there any other entities? The phrase "na sua página" refers to the procuradoria's page, so that's part of the entity. The year 2017 is a time, not an entity. "A vítima" is the victim, so that's a participant. 

Wait, the example output included entities like "a aeronave" and "o motor" even though they were parts of the plane. So maybe even parts of entities are considered. But in this case, "a vítima" is a person, so that's a participant. The procuradoria is an organization. Are there any other entities? The note is a document, but maybe not considered a participant. The user might expect "procuradoria" and "a vítima" as the main participants. 

Confidence scores: "procuradoria" is definitely mentioned, so high confidence. "a vítima" is explicitly stated, so high confidence. Are there any others? "aquela procuradoria" refers back to the same entity, so maybe that's redundant. "a nota" might be considered, but the example didn't include such things. The example included "o motor" even though it's a part. But in this case, "a nota" is a document, not an entity involved in the event. So probably just the two entities. 

So the output would be [["procuradoria", 0.95], ["a vítima", 0.95]]. Wait, but the example had multiple mentions of the same entity with different forms, like "Avião", "Um avião", etc. So maybe in this case, "aquela procuradoria" and "procuradoria" are the same, but the user might want each mention as a separate entry. However, the example output included duplicates, but the user's instruction says to extract all participants, which might mean unique entities. Wait, the example output had duplicates like "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So maybe even if they refer to the same thing, they are considered separate. But in this case, "procuradoria" and "aquela procuradoria" are the same entity. However, the example output included "Avião", "Um avião", etc., so perhaps each occurrence is considered a separate entity. But the user might want unique entities. Wait, the example output had multiple entries for the same entity, but maybe that's because they were different mentions. However, the user's instruction says "extract all participants" which might mean all instances, but the example shows that even repeated mentions are included. However, in the example, "o motor" and "um motor" are both included. So perhaps in this case, "procuradoria" and "aquela procuradoria" are both included. But the user might want unique entries. Wait, the example output includes "Avião", "Um avião", "a aeronave", etc., which are different forms of the same entity. So maybe the task is to extract all mentions, even if they are the same entity. But the user's instruction says "participants refer to individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities that are actively involved in or impacted by an event or state." So if "procuradoria" is mentioned twice, once as "procuradoria" and once as "aquela procuradoria," they are the same entity. But the example output included multiple forms. However, the user's example output includes "Avião", "Um avião", etc., which are different forms. So perhaps the answer should include all mentions, even if they are the same entity. But that would lead to duplicates. However, the example output shows that even if they are the same, they are listed as separate entries. But maybe the user wants unique entries. This is a bit confusing. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "Avião", "Um avião", "a aeronave", "o motor", "um motor", etc. So even though they refer to the same entity, they are listed as separate entries. Therefore, in this case, "procuradoria" and "aquela procuradoria" would be separate entries. However, "a vítima" is mentioned once. So the output would be:

["procuradoria", 0.95], ["aquela procuradoria", 0.9], ["a vítima", 0.95]

But the user's example output includes "a mesma fonte" as a separate entry. So maybe all mentions are included. However, the user's instruction says "extract all participants," which could be interpreted as all entities involved, regardless of how many times they are mentioned. But the example shows that even repeated mentions are included. Therefore, in this case, the answer should include all mentions of the entities. However, the user's example output includes "Lisboa" multiple times. So the answer should include all instances, even if they are the same entity. Therefore, in this input, "procuradoria" is mentioned once, "aquela procuradoria" is another mention, and "a vítima" is another. So the output would be:

[["procuradoria", 0.95], ["aquela procuradoria", 0.9], ["a vítima", 0.95]]

But I need to check the confidence scores. The user's example had confidence scores varying, but in the input, "procuradoria" is clearly mentioned, so high confidence. "aquela procuradoria" refers back to the same entity, so maybe slightly lower confidence. "a vítima" is explicitly mentioned, so high confidence. Are there any other entities? "a nota" is mentioned, but it's a document, not an entity involved. "sua página" refers to the procuradoria's page, so that's part of the entity. So no other entities. Therefore, the final answer would be the three entries above.
</think>

[["procuradoria", 0.95], ["aquela procuradoria", 0.9], ["a vítima", 0.95]]