<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about the Victorian Premier Dan Andrews talking about the quarantine system and pandemic rulebook after an investigation report was released. The participants to classify are "Victorian Premier Dan Andrews", "quarantine system", "pandemic rulebook", and "investigation report".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let's go through each participant one by one.

1. "Victorian Premier Dan Andrews": This is a person's name. The title "Premier" indicates a political position, so Dan Andrews is a person. So this should be "Person".

2. "quarantine system": A system is an organized set of procedures or methods. This is more of an abstract concept or a structured process, not a physical object. The class "Object" might not fit here. Maybe "Other"? Wait, the classes include "Facility" which is a place or structure, but a system isn't a facility. "Object" is for physical things. Hmm. Alternatively, "quarantine system" could be considered an "Object" if it's a tangible system, but I think it's more abstract. Maybe "Other" is the right choice here. Wait, looking back at the example given earlier, "engine" was classified as "Obj", which is Object. But "quarantine system" is a system, not a physical object. Maybe "Other" is better. But I'm not sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "engine" was "Obj", "airport" was "Fac", "Lisbon" was "Pl_capital", etc. So "quarantine system" might be an "Object" if it's considered a system as an entity. Alternatively, maybe "Other" if it's not fitting into the other categories. I'm a bit confused here. Let me think again. The classes don't have a "System" category, so maybe "Other" is the safest bet here. But I need to check if "quarantine system" is considered an Object. Alternatively, maybe "Facility" if it's a system in place, but that's a stretch. I think "Other" is better.

3. "pandemic rulebook": Similar to the quarantine system, this is a set of rules or guidelines. Again, not a physical object. So same reasoning as above. Probably "Other".

4. "investigation report": A report is a document or a formal record. This is a physical or digital object. In the example, "website." was classified as "Loc", but that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "website." was in the output as "Loc", but maybe that's an error. However, in our case, "investigation report" is a document, which is an object. So "Object" would be appropriate here.

Wait, but in the example, "engine" was "Obj", "airport" was "Fac", "Lusa." was "Org", etc. So "investigation report" is a document, which is an object. So "Obj" for that. Then "quarantine system" and "pandemic rulebook" are abstract concepts, so "Other".

Wait, but the classes include "Other", so if none of the other categories fit, use "Other". So "quarantine system" and "pandemic rulebook" are abstract, so "Other". "investigation report" is a tangible object (a document), so "Obj".

So the classifications would be:

- "Victorian Premier Dan Andrews" → Person
- "quarantine system" → Other
- "pandemic rulebook" → Other
- "investigation report" → Object

But wait, the example had "engine" as "Obj", which is an object. So "investigation report" is a document, which is an object. So that's correct. The other two are systems and rulebooks, which are abstract, so "Other".

So the final list should be:

[
  ["Victorian Premier Dan Andrews", "Person"],
  ["quarantine system", "Other"],
  ["pandemic rulebook", "Other"],
  ["investigation report", "Object"]
]
</think>

[["Victorian Premier Dan Andrews", "Person"], ["quarantine system", "Other"], ["pandemic rulebook", "Other"], ["investigation report", "Object"]]