<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about Australian deaths from Covid-19, specifically mentioning Victoria. The participants to classify are ["Australian deaths", "Covid-19", "Victoria", "908 Australian deaths", "820"]. 

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given in the task used "Obj" for objects like "plane" and "engine", "Fac" for facilities like airports, "Pl_capital" for cities like Lisbon, "Pl_country" for countries, "Org" for organizations, "Per" for people, and "Loc" for locations like websites.

Looking at the first participant: "Australian deaths". This refers to people who died, so it's a collective noun for persons. But the class "Person" is for individuals, not groups. However, "Other" might be used for such terms. Wait, but in the example, "source" was classified as "Per", which is a person. But "Australian deaths" is a group of people, not a single person. Maybe "Other" is more appropriate here since it's a collective term, not a specific person or organization.

Next, "Covid-19". That's a disease, which would fall under "Nature" as it's a natural phenomenon or condition.

"Victoria" is a state in Australia. The class "Pl_civil" was used for Farnborough in the example, which is a city. Wait, in the example, "Farnborough" was classified as "Pl_civil", and "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital". So "Victoria" is a state, which might be considered a "Location" but the specific class might be "Pl_state" or similar. However, the classes given don't have a "Pl_state" option. The available classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Since "Location" is a class, maybe "Victoria" is a Location. But in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is a specific type of location. However, the user's example output used "Pl_capital" as a subclass, but the original classes don't have that. Wait, looking back at the example output, the classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" as a class, which seems to be a mistake. Wait, no, looking back, the user's example output had entries like ["Lisbon", "Pl_capital"], but the original classes listed were Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the user made a mistake in the example, but the actual classes to use are the ones listed. However, the example output uses "Pl_capital" as a class, which isn't in the original list. This is confusing. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example output, they used "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", etc. That seems inconsistent. Maybe the user intended that "Pl_capital" is a subclass of "Location" or "Other". But since the user provided the example output with those codes, perhaps I should follow that even if it's not in the original class list. Wait, the user's example output shows that "Lisbon" is classified as "Pl_capital", which is a specific type of location. However, the original classes don't have that. This might be a mistake in the example, but perhaps the user expects that "Pl_capital" is a valid class. Alternatively, maybe the user made a typo and the actual classes are more detailed. But since the user provided the example output with those codes, I need to follow that. However, the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example is incorrect, but the correct approach is to use the classes as listed. But the example output uses "Pl_capital", which isn't in the list. This is conflicting.

Wait, looking back at the user's message:

The user provided an example where the output includes classes like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", etc., but the classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. This seems like a discrepancy. However, the user might have intended that "Pl_capital" is a subclass of "Location" or "Other". But given that the example uses those codes, perhaps the user expects that even if they are not in the original list, we should use them. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. This is confusing. 

Alternatively, maybe the user made a mistake in the example, and the actual classes are the ones listed. But the example output uses "Pl_capital" which is not in the original list. This is a problem. However, since the user provided the example output with those codes, perhaps I should follow that. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. This is conflicting. 

Wait, looking at the user's example input and output again. The input is about a plane landing at Humberto Delgado Airport in Lisbon. The participants to classify include "Lisbon", which in the example output is classified as "Pl_capital". The classes listed by the user are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Pl_capital" is not in the list. Therefore, the example output might have an error. However, the user might have intended that "Pl_capital" is a subclass of "Location" or "Other". But since the user provided that example, I need to follow it. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. This is conflicting. 

This is a problem. To resolve this, perhaps the user intended that "Pl_capital" is a subclass of "Location", so "Lisbon" would be "Location". But in the example output, it's "Pl_capital". However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, the example might be incorrect, and the correct approach is to use the classes as listed. But the user's example shows that "Lisbon" is classified as "Pl_capital", which is not in the original list. Therefore, there's a contradiction here. 

Given this confusion, perhaps the user intended that "Pl_capital" is part of the classes, even though it's not listed. Alternatively, the user might have made a mistake in the example. However, since the user provided the example output, I need to follow it. Therefore, even though "Pl_capital" is not in the original class list, the example uses it, so I should use similar codes. 

But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, perhaps the example is wrong, and the correct classes are the ones listed. Therefore, "Lisbon" would be "Location" instead of "Pl_capital". However, the example output shows "Pl_capital", which is conflicting. 

This is a critical point. If I follow the user's instruction strictly, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Therefore, "Lisbon" would be "Location". However, in the example, it's "Pl_capital", which is not in the list. Therefore, the example might be incorrect. 

Given that, perhaps the user made a mistake in the example, and the correct classes are the ones listed. Therefore, I should use the classes as listed. 

So, proceeding with that, let's classify the participants:

"Australian deaths" – this refers to people who died, so it's a group of persons. However, the class "Person" is for individuals, not groups. Therefore, it might be classified as "Other" or "Object". But "deaths" are events, not objects. Alternatively, "Australian deaths" is a collective noun, so "Other".

"Covid-19" – a disease, which is a natural phenomenon, so "Nature".

"Victoria" – a state in Australia, which is a location. So "Location".

"908 Australian deaths" – similar to "Australian deaths", a group of people, so "Other".

"820" – a number, which is an object. But numbers are not objects. Alternatively, "Other".

But the example had "908" as part of "908 Australian deaths", which was classified as "Obj" in the example. Wait, in the example input, "908 Australian deaths" was part of the participants to classify, but in the example output, it's not listed. Wait, the user's example input is different. Let me check again.

Wait, the user's example input is about a plane landing in Lisbon. The participants to classify include "908 Australian deaths" and "820" in the current task. 

In the current task, "908 Australian deaths" is a phrase that includes a number and a noun. The number is part of the noun phrase. The class for numbers might be "Object" or "Other". But in the example, "908" was not part of the participants to classify. 

Alternatively, "908 Australian deaths" is a noun phrase referring to a count of deaths. Since it's a count, it's a number, which is an object. But "Object" is for physical objects. However, numbers can be considered as objects in some contexts. Alternatively, "Other".

But the example in the user's task had "908" not in the participants. So perhaps in this case, "908 Australian deaths" is an object, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, "Other".

"820" is a number, which is an object? Or "Other".

This is tricky. Let's proceed step by step.

"Australian deaths" – group of people, so "Other".

"Covid-19" – disease, "Nature".

"Victoria" – location, "Location".

"908 Australian deaths" – a count of deaths, which is a number, so "Object".

"820" – number, "Object".

But I'm not sure. Alternatively, "908 Australian deaths" is a noun phrase, so "Object".

But the example in the user's task had "the airports" classified as "Fac" (Facility). So "airports" are facilities. But "Victoria" is a location, so "Location".

So, final classifications:

["Australian deaths", "Other"], ["Covid-19", "Nature"], ["Victoria", "Location"], ["908 Australian deaths", "Obj"], ["820", "Obj"].

But I'm not entirely confident about "Other" for "Australian deaths". Alternatively, "Person" if it's considered a group of persons. But the class "Person" is for individuals. So "Other" seems more appropriate.
</think>

[["Australian deaths", "Other"], ["Covid-19", "Nature"], ["Victoria", "Location"], ["908 Australian deaths", "Obj"], ["820", "Obj"]]