<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about the Felgueiras Fire Department moving some vehicles to a scene. The participants to classify are "The Felgueiras Fire Department", "ambulance", "extrication vehicle", and "high-angle rescue vehicle".

First, "The Felgueiras Fire Department" – that sounds like an organization. Fire departments are typically governmental or public service organizations, so that should be "Org".

Next, "ambulance" – this is a vehicle used for emergency medical services. The class for vehicles is "Veh", so that's probably "Veh".

"Extrication vehicle" – I'm not entirely sure, but extrication usually refers to removing people from dangerous situations, like car accidents. So an extrication vehicle might be a specialized rescue vehicle. Still, it's a type of vehicle, so "Veh" makes sense here.

"High-angle rescue vehicle" – again, this sounds like a specific type of vehicle used for rescue operations, maybe for climbing or high places. Definitely a vehicle, so "Veh" again.

Wait, but the example given in the task had "plane" classified as "Obj" (object). Wait, but in the example, "plane" was part of an emergency landing, so maybe in that context, it was considered an object. However, in this case, the ambulance and other vehicles are being moved by the fire department. Are they objects or vehicles? The classes have "Veh" for vehicles, so if these are types of vehicles, they should be "Veh". But maybe "ambulance" is considered an object? Hmm.

Looking back at the definitions: "Obj" is for tangible, manmade objects. "Veh" is for vehicles. So if the entity is a vehicle, it's "Veh", otherwise "Obj". So ambulance, extrication vehicle, high-angle rescue vehicle are all types of vehicles, so they should be "Veh".

So the classifications would be:

- The Felgueiras Fire Department: Org
- ambulance: Veh
- extrication vehicle: Veh
- high-angle rescue vehicle: Veh

Confidence levels: The fire department is clearly an organization, so 1.0. The vehicles are all types of vehicles, so 1.0 each. But maybe "extrication vehicle" and "high-angle rescue vehicle" are less common terms, but still fall under "Veh". So I think that's correct.
</think>

[["The Felgueiras Fire Department", "Org", 1.0], ["ambulance", "Veh", 1.0], ["extrication vehicle", "Veh", 1.0], ["high-angle rescue vehicle", "Veh", 1.0]]