<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like organizations, vehicles, or people involved in the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "The Felgueiras Fire Department moved an ambulance, the extrication vehicle and the high-angle rescue vehicle to the scene."

Looking for participants, I should identify all entities actively involved. The main entity here is "The Felgueiras Fire Department" since they are the ones taking action. Then there are the vehicles they moved: ambulance, extrication vehicle, high-angle rescue vehicle. Each of these is a separate entity. 

Wait, the example output included things like "to engine" and "a stopped engine," which might be parts of the event but not sure if they count as participants. However, in the example, "engine" was included. But in this case, the vehicles are being moved, so they are participants as they are being acted upon. 

Also, "the scene" is mentioned, but that's a location, not an entity. The example included "airport" and "Lisbon," which are locations, but maybe in this case, "the scene" is not a participant. 

So the participants would be:

- The Felgueiras Fire Department (organization)
- ambulance (vehicle)
- extrication vehicle (vehicle)
- high-angle rescue vehicle (vehicle)

Each of these is an entity involved in the action. The confidence scores: "The Felgueiras Fire Department" is clearly mentioned, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. The vehicles are explicitly listed, so also high confidence, around 0.9 each. 

I need to make sure not to include any other entities. The example had "source" and "website," but in this case, there's no mention of sources or websites. 

So the final list should be these four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["The Felgueiras Fire Department", 0.95], ["ambulance", 0.9], ["extrication vehicle", 0.9], ["high-angle rescue vehicle", 0.9]]