<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and provide them with confidence scores. The example they provided includes entities like "Plane," "engine," "Lisbon," etc., each with a confidence value. 

First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. So, in the input sentence "The GNR was at the scene and took charge of the incident," I need to identify all such entities.

The main entity here is "GNR." GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is the Portuguese National Republican Guard. That's an organization, so it's definitely a participant. The sentence says they were at the scene and took charge, so they are actively involved. 

Next, looking for other entities. The sentence mentions "the scene" and "the incident," but those are more abstract concepts, not specific entities. "Scene" and "incident" are events or locations, but not participants. The user's example included "airport" and "Lisbon," which are places, but in this case, the sentence doesn't mention specific locations beyond "the scene," which is vague. 

Are there any other groups or organizations mentioned? The example had "Public Security Police" and "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal," which are specific organizations. Here, only "GNR" is mentioned. 

The word "scene" might be considered a location, but the example included "airport" as a participant. However, in the example, "airport" was part of a phrase like "at Humberto Delgado Airport," which is a specific location. In this case, "the scene" is too generic. So maybe "scene" isn't a participant here. 

The word "incident" is an event, not a participant. So the only participant is "GNR." 

Now, confidence. How confident am I that "GNR" is the correct entity? The sentence explicitly mentions "GNR" as the one taking charge, so it's a clear participant. The confidence should be high, maybe 0.95 or 1.0. 

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. In the input, "a Public Security Police source" was mentioned. So in this case, "GNR" is the main entity. Are there any other entities? The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations, people, or groups. 

So the final answer should be a JSON list with ["GNR", 1.0]. I think that's it. Let me double-check. The user's example included "source" as an entity, but in this case, the sentence doesn't mention a source, just the GNR. So yes, only GNR is the participant here.
</think>

[["GNR", 1.0]]