<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what counts as a participant based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Duas pessoas morreram atropeladas e várias ficaram feridas depois de um veículo ter avançado sobre uma zona pedonal da cidade de Trier, no sudoeste da Alemanha, de acordo com a polícia local."

Breaking this down, the main event is a vehicle running over a pedestrian zone in Trier, Germany, leading to deaths and injuries. The participants here would be the people involved: the two who died, the several injured, the vehicle, the pedestrian zone, the city of Trier, the southwest region of Germany, and the local police.

Now, I need to identify each entity. "Duas pessoas" and "várias" refer to the victims. "Um veículo" is the vehicle involved. "Zona pedonal" is the pedestrian area. "Cidade de Trier" and "sudoeste da Alemanha" are locations. "Policia local" is the authority reporting the incident.

I should check if any entities are repeated or if there are different mentions. For example, "pessoas" and "várias" might be considered separate, but since they refer to the same group of victims, maybe they should be grouped. However, the example given in the task includes repeated mentions like "Avião" and "o motor" as separate entries. So perhaps each mention is treated individually even if they refer to the same entity.

Also, "de acordo com a polícia local" introduces the police as a source, so they should be included. The city and region are locations, which are participants as they are impacted by the event.

Confidence scores: For the people, since they are directly mentioned as victims, confidence is high (0.95). The vehicle is explicitly mentioned (0.9). The pedestrian zone is part of the event (0.9). Trier and southwest Germany are locations (0.95 each). The police are the reporting entity (0.9). "Várias" might be a bit less certain, but since it's a direct mention, 0.85. "Duas pessoas" is specific, so 0.95. "Zona pedonal" is a specific area, so 0.9. "Cidade de Trier" and "sudoeste da Alemanha" are clear (0.95 each). "Policia local" is 0.9.

I need to make sure all entities are included as per the example, even if they are repeated. So "Duas pessoas", "várias", "um veículo", "zona pedonal", "cidade de Trier", "sudoeste da Alemanha", "policia local" are all separate entries. Also, "de acordo com a polícia local" would include "a polícia local" as an entity. The city name "Trier" is part of "cidade de Trier", so that's included. The region "sudoeste da Alemanha" is another entity. The pedestrian zone is "zona pedonal".

I think that's all. Now, format them into the JSON list with confidence scores.
</think>

[["Duas pessoas", 0.95], ["várias", 0.85], ["um veículo", 0.9], ["uma zona pedonal", 0.9], ["a cidade de Trier", 0.95], ["sudoeste da Alemanha", 0.95], ["a polícia local", 0.9], ["Trier", 0.95], ["Alemanha", 0.95]]