<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the correct category with a confidence score.

First, the participants to classify are: "Governo português", "Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros", and "famílias das vítimas do atentado".

Starting with "Governo português". The term "Governo" translates to "Government", which is an organization. The class for organizations is "Org". So this should be Org. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros". "Ministério" is a ministry, which is a government department. That's definitely an organization, so Org again. Confidence is also high, maybe 0.95.

Lastly, "famílias das vítimas do atentado". "Famílias" means families, which are groups of people. The class "Per" is for human individuals or groups. However, "famílias" here refers to the families of the victims, which are groups of people, so they should be classified under "Per". But wait, the definition says "Per" includes human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. Families are groups, not individuals. Hmm, but the example given for "Per" is "O rapaz" (the boy), which is an individual. However, the note says participants can be groups. Wait, looking back at the classes, "Per" is for entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters. So groups like families might not fit here. Wait, but the example for "Per" is "O rapaz" (individual), but the definition says participants can be groups. Wait, the definition says participants refer to individuals, groups, organizations, etc. But the classes are more specific. The "Per" class is for human individuals or divine entities. So groups of people, like families, might not be "Per" but perhaps "Other"? Wait, the "Other" class is for entities that don't fit into other categories, like "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt). But families are people, so maybe they fall under "Per" even as groups. Alternatively, maybe "Per" is for individuals, and groups would be "Org"? But "Org" is for organizations. Hmm, this is a bit confusing. Let me check the examples again.

In the example provided in the task, "Per" examples are like "O rapaz" (individual). The "Org" examples are companies, governments, etc. So families are not an organization. The "Per" class might not include groups, but the definition says participants can be groups. However, the classes are more specific. Maybe "famílias" are considered as "Per" because they are human groups, even though the class is defined for individuals. Alternatively, maybe they should be "Other" if they don't fit. But the user's example output for "famílias" would be "Per" if they consider groups as part of "Per". Alternatively, maybe "Per" is only for individuals, and groups are not covered. But the task says participants can be groups, so perhaps "Per" is intended to include groups. The example given for "Per" is "O rapaz" (individual), but the definition says participants can be groups. Maybe the "Per" class is for any human entity, whether individual or group. So "famílias" would be "Per" with high confidence. But I'm not 100% sure. Alternatively, maybe "famílias" are considered as "Other" if they don't fit into other categories. But the "Other" class is for things like smells, not people. So I think "famílias" should be "Per" with confidence around 0.85.
</think>

<Output>[["Governo português", "Org", 0.95], ["Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros", "Org", 0.95], ["famílias das vítimas do atentado", "Per", 0.85]]</Output>