<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input sentence: "“Desejamos a rápida recuperação dos feridos e reiteramos o apoio ao povo e autoridades da Alemanha”, refere a mesma publicação."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "feridos" (injured), "povo" (people), "autoridades da Alemanha" (authorities of Germany), and "a mesma publicação" (the same publication). 

Wait, the user's example included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were repeated. So I need to check for all mentions, even if they are the same entity mentioned multiple times. But in the example, they listed each occurrence as separate entries. However, in the output provided, "Lisboa" appears multiple times, so maybe each instance is considered a separate entry even if it's the same entity. 

In the current input, "feridos" is mentioned once, "povo" once, "autoridades da Alemanha" once, and "a mesma publicação" once. However, the example output had entries like "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" and "Lisboa" as separate entities. So perhaps even phrases that include the entity are considered. 

So for "feridos", the entity is "feridos". "povo" is "povo". "autoridades da Alemanha" is "autoridades da Alemanha". "a mesma publicação" is "a mesma publicação". 

But wait, the example output included "aeroporto" as a separate entity. However, in the input, the aeroporto was mentioned with a specific name. But in this case, "povo" and "autoridades" are more general. However, "Alemanha" is a country, so that's an entity. 

Wait, the user's example included "Lisboa" as an entity. So in this case, "Alemanha" would be an entity. But "povo" is a collective noun, but is it considered a participant? The definition says participants can be groups, so "povo" (the people) would be a group. Similarly, "autoridades da Alemanha" is a group. 

So the entities here are:

- feridos (injured)
- povo (people)
- autoridades da Alemanha (authorities of Germany)
- a mesma publicação (the same publication)

But the user's example included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) as separate entries. So even if it's the same entity mentioned again, it's listed again. 

In this input, "a mesma publicação" refers back to a previous mention, but since it's explicitly mentioned here, it's included. 

Confidence scores: "feridos" is definitely a participant, so 1.0. "povo" and "autoridades da Alemanha" are groups, so 1.0. "a mesma publicação" is an organization or entity, so 1.0. However, the user's example had some entries with lower confidence, but in this case, all are explicitly mentioned, so confidence is high. 

Wait, but in the example, "o motor" was included twice. Maybe even if it's the same entity, each mention is a separate entry. So in this case, "a mesma publicação" is one entry. 

So the final list would be:

["feridos", 1.0], ["povo", 1.0], ["autoridades da Alemanha", 1.0], ["a mesma publicação", 1.0]

But I need to check if "Alemanha" is a participant. The authorities are from Germany, but the country itself isn't a participant unless it's an entity involved. However, the authorities are the participants, not the country. So "Alemanha" isn't listed here. Wait, in the input, it's "autoridades da Alemanha", so the authorities are the participants, not the country. So "Alemanha" is part of the entity name but not a separate participant. 

So the entities are "feridos", "povo", "autoridades da Alemanha", and "a mesma publicação". 

I think that's all. Let me make sure there are no others. The sentence is about wishing recovery for the injured and supporting the people and authorities of Germany, as stated by the same publication. So those four entities.
</think>

[["feridos", 1.0], ["povo", 1.0], ["autoridades da Alemanha", 1.0], ["a mesma publicação", 1.0]]