<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "O motorista foi detido e o veículo apreendido, segundo uma mensagem publicada pela polícia de Trier na mesma rede social."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are:

1. "O motorista" – the driver who was detained. This is a person, so definitely a participant.
2. "o veículo" – the vehicle that was seized. An object involved in the event.
3. "policia de Trier" – the police department from Trier, which published the message. They are an organization involved.
4. "a mesma rede social" – the same social network, which is the platform where the message was posted. This is an organization or entity.

Now, checking for any other possible participants. The sentence mentions "uma mensagem publicada pela polícia de Trier na mesma rede social." So the police are the ones publishing the message, and the social network is the medium. Are there any other entities? The verb "detido" (detained) and "apreendido" (seized) are actions, but the subjects are the motorista and veículo. The police are the ones taking the actions, but they are already listed. The social network is mentioned as the platform, so it's a participant.

Confidence scores: "O motorista" and "o veículo" are directly mentioned as the ones affected, so high confidence (0.95). "policia de Trier" is explicitly named, so 0.9. "a mesma rede social" is a bit more general, but since it's mentioned as the platform, it's a participant, maybe 0.85. I should check if "a mesma rede social" is a specific entity. Since it's referred to as "the same social network," but without a specific name, maybe it's a generic term. However, the example included "a mesma fonte" as a participant, so perhaps even if it's a generic term, it's considered a participant. So I'll include it with a confidence of 0.8.

Wait, the example output included "a mesma fonte" as a participant. So even if it's a reference to a previously mentioned entity, it's still considered a participant. So "a mesma rede social" would be similar. So I should include it. The confidence might be slightly lower because it's a reference rather than a direct name, but still, it's a participant.

So the final list would be:

["O motorista", 0.95], ["o veículo", 0.95], ["policia de Trier", 0.9], ["a mesma rede social", 0.85]
</think>

[["O motorista", 0.95], ["o veículo", 0.95], ["policia de Trier", 0.9], ["a mesma rede social", 0.85]]