<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their own confidence scores. 

First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred. So, I need to look for all such entities in the input text.

Looking at the input: "A polícia e as equipas de resgate pediram às pessoas para evitarem o centro da cidade, desconhecendo-se ainda mais pormenores sobre o incidente."

Breaking it down:

- "A polícia" – this is a group, so definitely a participant. Confidence might be high, maybe 0.95.
- "as equipas de resgate" – rescue teams, another group. Confidence around 0.9.
- "às pessoas" – people in general. But are they participants? The text says they were asked to avoid the city center. They are being addressed, so maybe they are participants as affected individuals. But since it's "pessoas" in general, not specific people, maybe lower confidence, like 0.7.
- "o centro da cidade" – the city center. Is this an entity? It's a location, but the task includes places as participants if they are involved. However, the example included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants. So maybe "centro da cidade" should be included. Confidence around 0.8.
- "desconhecendo-se ainda mais pormenores sobre o incidente" – this part is about the lack of details, but there's no specific entity here. The incident itself is an event, but the question is about participants. So maybe "incidente" isn't a participant, but the entities involved in the incident. However, the incident isn't an entity, it's an event. So probably not included.

Wait, the example included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So even parts of the plane like the motor are considered participants. So in this case, "centro da cidade" is a location involved, so it's a participant. 

So the participants are:

1. A polícia (confidence 0.95)
2. as equipas de resgate (0.9)
3. às pessoas (0.7)
4. o centro da cidade (0.8)

I need to check if any other entities are present. The text mentions "incidente" but that's the event itself, not a participant. The police and rescue teams are the ones acting, and the people are being asked to avoid the area. The city center is the location affected. 

So the final list should be these four entities with their confidence scores. I need to make sure each occurrence is listed separately. Wait, in the example, "Lisboa" appears multiple times with different mentions, but in this input, "centro da cidade" is mentioned once. "pessoas" is mentioned once. So the output would be each of these four entries with their respective confidence levels.
</think>

[["A polícia", 0.95], ["as equipas de resgate", 0.9], ["às pessoas", 0.7], ["o centro da cidade", 0.8]]