<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the participants listed into one of the given classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

First, let's look at the input sentence: "No mesmo comunicado, os ribatejanos agradecem 'a onda de solidariedade com o atleta que chegou dos quatro cantos do mundo'." 

The participants to classify are ["os ribatejanos", "o atleta", "a onda de solidariedade"].

Starting with "os ribatejanos". "Ribatejanos" refers to people from the Ribatejo region in Portugal. Since it's a group of people, this should be classified as "Person" (Per). Even though it's a collective noun, the class "Person" might still apply here as it refers to individuals.

Next, "o atleta". An athlete is a person, so this is clearly "Person" (Per).

Then, "a onda de solidariedade". This translates to "the wave of solidarity". "Onda" is a wave, which is an object, but "solidariedade" is a concept. However, in the context of the sentence, it's a noun phrase referring to a phenomenon or event, which might be considered an "Object" (Obj) or maybe "Other" if it doesn't fit into the other categories. But since it's a tangible expression of solidarity, perhaps "Object" is more appropriate here. Alternatively, if "Other" is used for abstract concepts, but the example given in the task had "Obj" for similar terms like "aeronave" (airplane). So I think "Object" is the right choice here.

Wait, but looking back at the example provided in the task, "a aeronave" was classified as "Obj", which is an object. So "a onda de solidariedade" is a noun phrase, but it's not a physical object. However, in the absence of a specific class for abstract concepts, "Object" might be the closest. Alternatively, maybe "Other" is intended for such cases. But the example used "Obj" for similar terms, so I'll go with "Object" here.

So the classifications would be:

["os ribatejanos", "Per"], ["o atleta", "Per"], ["a onda de solidariedade", "Obj"]

I need to make sure there are no other possible classifications. "Onda de solidariedade" isn't a location, organization, or facility. So "Object" seems correct.
</think>

[["os ribatejanos", "Per"], ["o atleta", "Per"], ["a onda de solidariedade", "Obj"]]