<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" or "a stopped engine" are considered, which makes me think that any noun phrase that's relevant to the event should be included, even if it's a part of a larger phrase.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "A man died today after being attacked by a shark while swimming at a beach on the western coast of Australia, in what is the eighth death of its kind in the country this year, international agencies report."

Breaking this down, the main event is a man's death due to a shark attack. The participants here would be the man, the shark, the beach, the western coast of Australia, the country (Australia), the international agencies, and maybe "the eighth death" as an entity since it's a specific incident count. However, "eighth death" might be more of a statistic rather than a participant. But according to the example, even things like "engine" and "stopped engine" are included, so maybe any noun phrase that's part of the event's context should be considered.

Let's list possible entities:

1. "A man" – the victim, definitely a participant.
2. "a shark" – the attacker, participant.
3. "a beach" – location where the attack happened, participant.
4. "the western coast of Australia" – location, participant.
5. "Australia" – country, participant.
6. "the eighth death" – might be a specific event, but the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine," so maybe "eighth death" is included as a participant.
7. "international agencies" – the reporting entities, participants.
8. "the country" – refers to Australia, already listed.
9. "this year" – time frame, not sure if it's a participant. The example didn't include time frames, so maybe not.
10. "the attack" – event itself, but the example didn't include events, only entities. So probably not.

Now, checking the example again. The example included "the airports" and "Farnborough, England, Lisbon" as participants. So locations are included. Also, "source" and "the same source" were included, which are entities. So in the current input, "a beach," "the western coast of Australia," "Australia," and "international agencies" are participants. 

But wait, the example also included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So even parts of the event's cause (engine failure) are considered. In this case, the shark attack is the cause, so "a shark" is a participant. The "eighth death" might be a specific incident, but the example didn't have similar cases. However, the example included "the aircraft" and "the plane," which are entities involved. So maybe "the eighth death" is a participant here.

Confidence levels: "A man" is definitely a participant, confidence 1. "a shark" is the attacker, confidence 1. "a beach" and "the western coast of Australia" are locations, confidence 0.9. "Australia" as the country, confidence 0.8. "international agencies" as the reporting entities, confidence 0.9. "the eighth death" might be a bit ambiguous, but given the example includes similar phrases, maybe 0.7. "the country" is redundant with Australia, so maybe not. "the attack" is an event, not an entity. 

Wait, the example included "the same source" as a participant. In this case, "international agencies" are the ones reporting, so they are participants. Also, "the eighth death" is a specific instance, so maybe that's a participant. However, the example didn't have such a case, but the instruction says to extract based on relevance and significance. Since it's mentioned as part of the event's context, it's probably a participant. 

So compiling the list with confidence scores:

["A man", 1.0], ["a shark", 1.0], ["a beach", 0.9], ["the western coast of Australia", 0.9], ["Australia", 0.8], ["international agencies", 0.9], ["the eighth death", 0.7]

I need to check if any other entities are missed. The phrase "in what is the eighth death of its kind in the country this year" – "its kind" refers to shark attacks, but that's not an entity. "the country" is Australia, already included. "this year" is a time frame, not an entity. 

So the final list should be those seven entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["A man", 1.0], ["a shark", 1.0], ["a beach", 0.9], ["the western coast of Australia", 0.9], ["Australia", 0.8], ["international agencies", 0.9], ["the eighth death", 0.7]]