<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, which seems a bit odd, but maybe that's part of the specific extraction rules here.

First, I need to parse the input sentence carefully. The input is: "The 55-year-old man was alone in the water at the tourist beach of Cable, in northwestern Australia, in the Indian Ocean, when the shark attacked him on the thigh and bit his hand."

Breaking it down, the main event is a shark attack on a man. The participants would be the man, the shark, the beach, the location details (Cable, northwestern Australia, Indian Ocean), and maybe any other entities mentioned. 

Looking at the example output, they included things like "the airports" and "Farnborough, England" as participants. So even locations are considered participants here. Also, in the example, "a Public Security Police" and "airline Jota Aviation" were included as organizations. 

In the current input, the man is clearly a participant. The shark is the attacker, so that's another participant. The beach (tourist beach of Cable) is a location, so that's a participant. The locations like northwestern Australia and Indian Ocean are geographical entities, so they should be included. 

Wait, the example included "Lisbon" multiple times. So even repeated locations are listed. So in this case, "Cable", "northwestern Australia", "Indian Ocean" would all be participants. 

Also, the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. In the current input, there's no mention of a source, so maybe that's not applicable here. 

The man is referred to as "The 55-year-old man" and "him". So both forms should be considered. The shark is mentioned as "the shark". 

So compiling the list:

- The 55-year-old man (high confidence)
- the man (as "him")
- the shark
- tourist beach of Cable
- Cable
- northwestern Australia
- Indian Ocean

Wait, the example included "the airports" as a participant. Here, the beach is a specific location, so "tourist beach of Cable" and "Cable" as separate entities. Also, "northwestern Australia" and "Indian Ocean" as geographical regions. 

I need to check if each part is an entity. "tourist beach of Cable" is a specific place, so that's one. "Cable" is the name of the beach, so that's another. "northwestern Australia" is a region, and "Indian Ocean" is a body of water. 

The shark is an entity, the man is an individual. 

Confidence levels: The man and shark are explicit, so high confidence (0.9 or 1.0). Locations might be lower if they are part of a larger phrase, but in the example, they included "Lisbon" multiple times. So I should list each as separate entities with confidence. 

So the final list would be:

["The 55-year-old man", 1.0], ["the man", 0.9], ["the shark", 1.0], ["tourist beach of Cable", 0.9], ["Cable", 0.8], ["northwestern Australia", 0.8], ["Indian Ocean", 0.8]

Wait, but in the example, they included "the airports" as a participant. In this case, "tourist beach of Cable" is a specific entity, so that's included. Also, "Cable" as a location. 

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any organizations or groups, just the man, shark, and locations. So that should be the complete list.
</think>

[["The 55-year-old man", 1.0], ["the man", 0.9], ["the shark", 1.0], ["tourist beach of Cable", 0.9], ["Cable", 0.8], ["northwestern Australia", 0.8], ["Indian Ocean", 0.8]]