<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the classes provided. The input is a sentence about shark attacks in Australia and the number of deaths. The participants to classify are "shark attacks", "Australia", and "people".

Starting with "shark attacks". The classes include Nat (natural entities like animals), Obj (manmade objects), etc. Shark attacks are events, but the term "shark attacks" refers to the action itself. However, the class definitions don't have an event category. Looking at the examples, "shark" would be Nat, but "shark attacks" might be considered an event. However, the classes don't have an event category. Wait, the participants are entities involved in the event. The example given in the task includes "engine failure" as an event, but in the output, it's classified as Obj. Wait, no, in the example, "engine" was Obj, but "engine failure" might be a different case. Wait, in the example input, "engine failure" was part of the sentence, but in the output, "engine" was Obj. Hmm, maybe "shark attacks" here is considered as an event, but the classes don't have an event category. Alternatively, maybe "shark attacks" is a process, but the classes don't have that. Let me check the classes again. The classes are Per, Org, Obj, Nat, Fac, Veh, Path, Pl_water, etc., and Loc, Other. So "shark attacks" might not fit into any of these. Wait, but "shark" is an animal, so if the entity is "shark attacks", perhaps it's an event, but the classes don't have an event category. Alternatively, maybe "shark attacks" is considered as a process, but the closest might be Other. However, the example given in the task for "engine failure" was classified as Obj. Wait, in the example input, "engine" was Obj, but "a stopped engine" was also Obj. So maybe "shark attacks" is an event, but since there's no event class, perhaps it's considered as Other? Or maybe "shark" is Nat, but "shark attacks" is an action. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. Alternatively, maybe "shark attacks" is an event, but since the classes don't have an event category, perhaps it's classified as Other. But I need to check the definitions again. The participants are entities involved in the event. The example given in the task includes "engine failure" as an event, but in the output, "engine" was Obj. Wait, maybe "engine failure" is an event, but the classification here is for the entities involved. So "shark attacks" is the event, but the participants are the entities involved. Wait, the participants to classify are the entities mentioned. So "shark attacks" is the event, but the entities involved would be "shark" (Nat), "people" (Per), and "Australia" (Pl_country). Wait, but the participants to classify are "shark attacks", "Australia", and "people". So "shark attacks" is the event, but the classification is for the entities. Wait, the task says "classify each of the participants listed under 'Participants to classify', according to how it is used in the input." So "shark attacks" is a noun phrase here. Let me think again. "Shark attacks" is the subject of the sentence. But what class does it belong to? It's not a person, organization, object, natural entity, facility, etc. It's an event or a process. Since the classes don't have an event category, perhaps it's classified as Other. But looking at the example, "engine failure" was not classified, but in the example input, "engine" was Obj. Wait, in the example, "engine failure" was part of the input, but the participants to classify included "engine", which was Obj. So "engine failure" might be considered as a process, but the example didn't have that. Alternatively, maybe "shark attacks" is considered as a process, but since there's no class for that, it's Other. However, the user's example output for "engine failure" was not present, but in the example given, "engine" was Obj. So perhaps "shark attacks" is an event, but since there's no event class, it's classified as Other. But I need to check the definitions again. The classes include Other for entities that don't fit into other categories. So "shark attacks" is an event, which doesn't fit into any of the other classes, so it's Other. But wait, "shark" is a natural entity (Nat), but "shark attacks" is the action. So maybe "shark attacks" is an event, but the classification here is for the entities involved. Wait, the participants are the entities involved in the event. So "shark attacks" is the event, but the entities involved are "shark" (Nat) and "people" (Per). However, the participants to classify are "shark attacks", "Australia", and "people". So "shark attacks" is the event, but the classification is for the entities. Wait, maybe "shark attacks" is a process, but since there's no class for that, it's Other. Alternatively, maybe "shark attacks" is considered as a natural event, but that's not a class. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "shark attacks" is a process, but the closest class is Other. So I'll tentatively classify "shark attacks" as Other with medium confidence.

Next, "Australia". The classes include Pl_country, which is a country. Australia is a country, so that's Pl_country. Confidence is high.

Lastly, "people". The class Per is for human individuals or divine entities. "People" refers to humans, so that's Per. Confidence is high.
</think>

<Output>[["shark attacks", "Other", 0.6], ["Australia", "Pl_country", 0.95], ["people", "Per", 0.95]]</Output>