<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are entities involved in or affected by the event, which in this case is the study by CSIRO about white shark numbers in Australia.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "According to studies by the government scientific agency CSIRO, dated 2018, Australia has around 2,210 adult white sharks, considered the most dangerous."

Looking for entities here. The main participants would be the ones directly involved. The CSIRO is mentioned as the government scientific agency conducting the studies, so that's definitely a participant. Then Australia is the country being studied, so they are involved. The white sharks are the subject of the study, so they are participants too. 

Wait, the example output included things like "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. But in this case, "white sharks" are the subject, so they should be included. Also, "government scientific agency CSIRO" is a participant. But should I break down "government scientific agency CSIRO" into separate parts? The example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant, so maybe the full name is considered as one entity. 

Also, "studies" might be an action, but the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. However, in this case, the studies are by CSIRO, so maybe "studies" isn't a participant but the agency is. 

What about "Australia"? It's the country where the sharks are, so it's involved. The date 2018 is mentioned, but dates aren't participants. The number 2,210 is a statistic, not an entity. 

The phrase "considered the most dangerous" refers to the sharks, so that's an adjective, not a participant. 

So the participants here are CSIRO, Australia, and white sharks. Let me check the example again. In the example, "engine" was included as a participant. Here, "white sharks" are the subject, so they should be included. 

Wait, the example had "the aircraft" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So in this case, "white sharks" would be the entity. Also, "government scientific agency CSIRO" is a full name, so that's one entity. 

I need to make sure I don't miss any. The date and numbers are not participants. The phrase "studies by the government scientific agency CSIRO" – the studies are the action, but the agency is the participant. 

So the list would be: ["government scientific agency CSIRO", "Australia", "white sharks"]. 

Now, confidence levels. CSIRO is clearly mentioned as the agency, so confidence 1.0. Australia is the country, so 1.0. White sharks are the subject of the study, so 1.0. 

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In this case, the source is CSIRO, but the text says "studies by the government scientific agency CSIRO", so "CSIRO" is the source. But in the example, "source" was included as a participant. However, in this case, the source is explicitly named as CSIRO, so maybe "CSIRO" is the participant, not "source". 

So I think the correct entities are CSIRO, Australia, and white sharks. Each with confidence 1.0. Let me check again. The example had "a Public Security Police" as a participant, which is an organization. Similarly, "government scientific agency CSIRO" is an organization. So that's correct. 

Therefore, the output should be a JSON list with those three entities and their confidence scores.
</think>

[["government scientific agency CSIRO", 1.0], ["Australia", 1.0], ["white sharks", 1.0]]