<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "O segundo dia de debate, na generalidade, do Orçamento do Estado para 2021 começou hoje no parlamento com cinco minutos de atraso, devido à ausência dos membros do Governo."

Breaking it down, the main event is the debate on the State Budget for 2021. The participants here would be the entities involved in this debate. The text mentions "membros do Governo" (members of the Government) as being absent, causing a delay. The debate is happening in the parliament, so the parliament itself is a participant. The Government is another key entity here, even though their members are absent. The State Budget for 2021 is the subject of the debate, so that's an entity too. The day of the debate is mentioned, but "segundo dia" (second day) is more of a temporal reference, not a participant. "Parlamento" (parliament) is explicitly mentioned as the location, so that's a participant. The Government's absence is a reason for the delay, so the Government is involved. The State Budget is the main topic, so that's a participant. 

Now, checking for possible entities. "Orçamento do Estado para 2021" is the budget, so that's an entity. "Parlamento" is the location where the debate is happening. "Membros do Governo" are the participants whose absence caused the delay. "Governo" (Government) is another entity. The text also mentions "devido à ausência dos membros do Governo" which points to the Government's members being absent. 

Wait, should "membros do Governo" be considered as a separate entity from "Governo"? The user's example included both "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries, even though they refer to the same thing. So maybe even if they are the same entity, different mentions are treated as separate entries. So "membros do Governo" and "Governo" would both be listed. Also, "parlamento" is mentioned, so that's a participant. The "Orçamento do Estado para 2021" is the main subject, so that's an entity. 

I need to make sure I don't miss any. The example output included repeated entries like "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entities. So even if they refer to the same thing, each mention is a separate entry. So in this case, "membros do Governo" and "Governo" would be separate entries. Also, "parlamento" is mentioned once. The budget is mentioned once. 

Confidence scores: For "membros do Governo", the text explicitly says they were absent, so high confidence. "Governo" is mentioned in the reason for the delay, so high confidence. "Parlamento" is where the debate is happening, so high confidence. "Orçamento do Estado para 2021" is the subject of the debate, so high confidence. The other mentions like "segundo dia" are temporal and not participants. 

So the final list would include: "membros do Governo", "Governo", "parlamento", "Orçamento do Estado para 2021". Each with confidence scores. Let me check again to ensure I didn't miss any other entities. The text doesn't mention any other organizations or individuals, just these. So that's the list.
</think>

[["membros do Governo", 0.95], ["Governo", 0.9], ["parlamento", 0.85], ["Orçamento do Estado para 2021", 0.9]]