<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence in Portuguese: "De acordo com o comandante Júlio Pereira, a vítima é bombeiro em Vizela e teve de ser resgatada pela equipa de grande ângulo da corporação." 

The participants to classify are: ["o comandante Júlio Pereira", "a vítima", "Vizela", "equipa de grande ângulo da corporação"]. 

The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "o comandante Júlio Pereira". "Comandante" is a title, and "Júlio Pereira" is a name. Since it's a person's name with a title, this should be classified as Person.

Next, "a vítima". "Vítima" means victim, which is a person. So that's Person as well.

"Vizela" is a place name. In Portugal, Vizela is a city, so that's a Location. The class for Location is Pl_capital? Wait, the example had "Lisboa" as Pl_capital, but maybe "Vizela" is a city, so it's a Location. The classes in the example included "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" for places. But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Wait, in the example, they used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" as sub-classes under Location? Wait, looking back at the example output, for instance, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", "Farnborough" as "Pl_civil", "Inglaterra" as "Pl_country". But the main classes given are Location, so maybe those are subcategories. However, the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps "Pl_capital" etc. are part of the Location class. Wait, the example output shows "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", but the user's class list includes "Location" as a class. Maybe the example used more specific subcategories, but the user now wants to use the main classes. Wait, the original task says to classify according to the classes listed: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but maybe that's a mistake. Wait, looking back at the example given by the user:

In the example input, the output for "Lisboa" was "Pl_capital", but according to the classes provided, "Location" is a class. So perhaps the user made a mistake in the example, or maybe "Pl_capital" is part of the Location class. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, I need to check if "Pl_capital" is part of the Location class or if it's a separate class. But in the user's problem statement, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Pl_capital" might be an error in the example, and the correct class for "Lisboa" would be Location. However, the example output shows "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", which might be a typo. But since the user provided that example, maybe I should follow that. Wait, but the user's task says to classify according to the classes listed. So maybe "Pl_capital" is not part of the classes. This is confusing. Let me check the original problem again.

The user provided an example where "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but the classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Pl_capital" is not one of the classes. Therefore, maybe the example had a mistake. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, "Lisboa" should be classified as Location. But in the example, it was "Pl_capital". This is conflicting. Wait, perhaps the user intended that "Pl_capital" is a subcategory under Location. But the problem statement says to use the classes as given. Therefore, I need to follow the classes as listed. So "Lisboa" would be Location. However, the example might have used more specific subcategories, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Therefore, I need to proceed with the main classes.

So, for "Vizela", it's a city, so Location.

Next, "equipa de grande ângulo da corporação". "Equipa" is team, "corporação" is corporation. So "equipa de grande ângulo da corporação" is a team within a corporation. Since "corporação" is an organization, but the team itself might be part of the organization. However, the team is an entity, but the class would be Organization if it's part of an organization. Wait, but "equipa" is a team, which is a group of people. However, in the classes, there's Person, Organization, etc. So a team could be considered an Organization if it's a formal group. Alternatively, if it's part of an organization, maybe it's still considered an Organization. Alternatively, if it's a team within a corporation, maybe it's part of the Organization. But the exact classification might depend on context. Since the team is part of the "corporação", which is an organization, but the team itself might be considered an Organization. However, in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was classified as Org. So "equipa de grande ângulo da corporação" is a team within a corporation. The "corporação" is the organization, but the team is a part of it. However, the team itself might be considered an Organization. Alternatively, if it's not a formal organization, maybe it's an Object or Other. But in the context of rescue operations, a specialized team might be considered an Organization. Alternatively, since it's a team, maybe it's a Person (as a group), but the classes don't have a "Group" category. The closest is Organization. So I think "equipa de grande ângulo da corporação" should be classified as Organization.

So summarizing:

- "o comandante Júlio Pereira" → Person
- "a vítima" → Person
- "Vizela" → Location
- "equipa de grande ângulo da corporação" → Organization

But wait, in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was classified as Org, which is an organization. So "equipa de grande ângulo da corporação" is a team within a corporation, which is an organization. Therefore, it's an Organization.
</think>

[["o comandante Júlio Pereira", "Per"], ["a vítima", "Per"], ["Vizela", "Location"], ["equipa de grande ângulo da corporação", "Org"]]