<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Man seriously injured after being electrocuted in Oleiros". The participants to classify are "Man" and "Oleiros".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "Man". The word "Man" here refers to a person. Since the sentence mentions a man being injured, it's clearly a person. So the class should be "Person".

Next, "Oleiros". That looks like a place name. I should check if it's a location. Oleiros is a municipality in Portugal, so it's a location. The class here would be "Location".

Wait, but the example had "Lisbon" classified as "Pl_capital" which is a sub-type under Location. However, the user's instructions say to use the main classes, not sub-types. The example output used "Pl_capital" but maybe that's specific to their system. Wait, looking back at the example, the classes given are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Pl_capital" might be a mistake in the example, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Wait, the example output has entries like "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital", but the classes listed are Location, etc. Maybe that's a typo and they meant "Location" for "Lisbon". However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. Wait, the original classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Pl_capital" isn't one of them. That might be an error in the example, but perhaps the user expects us to follow the example's sub-classifications. Hmm, but the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Wait, the example output includes "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", "Pl_country" which aren't in the original list. That's confusing. Wait, looking back at the user's message:

The classes are listed as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example output, they have "Pl_capital" etc. That seems like a discrepancy. However, the user might have made a mistake in the example, but the actual instruction says to use the classes as given. Wait, the user says: "Classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other". So the example might have used sub-classes, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Therefore, perhaps the example is incorrect, and we should use the main classes. But the user provided that example as part of the task, so maybe they expect us to follow that. Wait, the user says "Classify each of the participants listed under 'Participants to classify', according to how it is used in the input." So maybe the example is using more specific classifications. But the user's instruction says the classes are the seven listed. This is conflicting. However, the user provided the example output with those sub-classes. But maybe the user made a mistake in the example. However, since the user is asking for the same format, perhaps we should follow the example's approach. But the problem is that the user's initial instruction lists the classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example is wrong, but the user expects the answer to use the main classes. Alternatively, maybe the example's sub-classes are part of the classes. Wait, looking at the example output, "Lisbon" is classified as "Pl_capital", which might be a typo for "Location". But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. This is a bit confusing. However, given that the user provided the example with those sub-classifications, perhaps they expect us to use those. But the problem is that the user's instruction says the classes are the seven listed. So this is conflicting. However, the user's example output includes "Pl_capital", which is not in the original list. Therefore, there's a contradiction. But since the user provided the example, perhaps they want us to use the same approach. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. This is a bit of a problem. But given that the user provided the example, maybe they expect the same sub-classifications. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Hmm. Maybe the example is incorrect, and the correct approach is to use the main classes. For instance, "Lisbon" would be "Location", not "Pl_capital". But the example shows "Pl_capital". However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, perhaps the example is wrong, and the correct classification for "Lisbon" is "Location". But the user might have intended for us to use the sub-classes as in the example. This is a bit of a dilemma. However, given that the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, I'll proceed with the main classes. So "Man" is "Person", "Oleiros" is "Location". Therefore, the output would be:

[["Man", "Person"], ["Oleiros", "Location"]]

But I need to check if "Oleiros" is a location. Since it's a place name, yes. So that's correct.
</think>

<Output>[["Man", "Person"], ["Oleiros", "Location"]]</Output>