<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

Looking at the input: "Um homem sofreu hoje queimaduras “na face e nos membros superiores” enquanto manuseava gasolina em Vale de S."

First, identify the main entities. The sentence mentions "Um homem" (a man) who suffered burns. Then there's "gasolina" (gasoline) being handled. The location is "Vale de S." which is likely a place, maybe a typo or abbreviation. 

Wait, the example output included entities like "o motor" and "a aeronave" even if they were mentioned multiple times. So I need to check each mention. 

In the input, "Um homem" is the subject. Then "gasolina" is the substance involved. "Vale de S." is the location. Are there any other entities? The text doesn't mention any organizations or other people. 

But wait, "manuseava gasolina" – the man is handling gasoline. So the participants would be the man, the gasoline, and the location. However, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities, which were sources. In this case, there's no explicit mention of a source, so maybe just the man, the gasoline, and the location. 

But "Vale de S." might be a place name. The user might expect that even if it's an abbreviation, it's considered an entity. So the entities would be:

- "Um homem" (confidence high, maybe 0.9)
- "gasolina" (confidence maybe 0.8, since it's the substance involved)
- "Vale de S." (confidence maybe 0.7, as a location)

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was listed multiple times. So even if the same entity is mentioned again, like "Lisboa" in different contexts, they are all listed. Here, "Vale de S." is mentioned once. 

So the output should be a list of each entity with their confidence. Let me check again. The man is the participant, the gasoline is the substance involved, and the location is Vale de S. 

I think that's all. Let me structure the JSON array with each entity and their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Um homem", 0.9], ["gasolina", 0.8], ["Vale de S.", 0.7]]