<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., and even things like "o motor" (the engine) if they are relevant.

First, I need to read the input text carefully. The sentence is: "Estes factos levaram à emissão de um mandado de detenção, ao qual foi dado cumprimento na quarta-feira por militares da GNR do Posto Territorial da Maia."

Breaking it down, the main participants here would be the entities involved in the event. The key parts are "mandado de detenção" (warrant), "militares da GNR" (military police officers), and "Posto Territorial da Maia" (Territorial Post of Maia). 

The warrant itself is a document, so it's an entity. The military police who executed the warrant are participants. The Posto Territorial da Maia is the location or unit where the military is based, so that's another entity. 

I should check if "Estes factos" (These facts) are considered participants. But since they are just referring to previous events, maybe not. The "quarta-feira" (Wednesday) is a time, not an entity. 

Looking at the example output, they included things like "o motor" even though it's a part of the plane. So, in this case, "mandado de detenção" is a document, which is an entity. "militares da GNR" is a group. "Posto Territorial da Maia" is an organization or location. 

I need to make sure not to miss any. Also, check for any other possible entities. The text doesn't mention other people or organizations, so the main ones are the warrant, the military, and the post. 

Confidence scores: The warrant is definitely mentioned, so high confidence. The military is explicitly stated, so high. The post is also explicitly mentioned. Maybe 0.95 for all. But I should check if "Posto Territorial da Maia" is a proper noun and should be considered as a single entity. Yes, it's a specific unit. 

So the final list would be ["mandado de detenção", "militares da GNR", "Posto Territorial da Maia"], each with a confidence score around 0.95.
</think>

[["mandado de detenção", 0.95], ["militares da GNR", 0.95], ["Posto Territorial da Maia", 0.95]]