<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input sentence and the participants to classify. The input is: "O Tribunal de Viana do Castelo condenou hoje a 12 anos de prisão um homem de 36 anos por ter matado outro a tiro, na cidade, em 2013." The participants are ["O Tribunal de Viana do Castelo", "um homem de 36 anos", "outro a tiro", "Viana do Castelo"].

Starting with "O Tribunal de Viana do Castelo". The Tribunal is a legal institution, so that's an Organization. But wait, sometimes "Tribunal" can be part of a location. However, in this context, it's the court that issued the sentence, so it's an Organization.

Next, "um homem de 36 anos" – this is a person, so "Person".

Then "outro a tiro" – this translates to "another with a gun" or "another shot". But in the context, it's referring to the victim, so "outro" here is the victim, which is a person. Wait, but the original sentence says "por ter matado outro a tiro" – "for having killed another with a gun". So "outro a tiro" is the victim, so it's a person. But the phrase is a bit ambiguous. However, in the example given earlier, "outro" was classified as "Nature" in some cases, but here it's part of a description. Wait, maybe "outro a tiro" is a noun phrase referring to the victim. So it's a Person. But I need to check the classes again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "outro a tiro" is a person, so "Person".

Then "Viana do Castelo" – this is a city, so it's a Location. But in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is a specific type of Location. So "Viana do Castelo" is a city, so it's a Location. But the classes don't have a specific "Pl_capital" here. Wait, the example output had "Pl_capital" as a class, but the user's classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe "Location" is the correct class for "Viana do Castelo".

Wait, the example output had "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", but the user's classes don't have that. Wait, looking back at the user's instruction, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Pl_capital" must be a sub-type of Location. But the user's classes don't have sub-types. Wait, in the example output, the classes included "Pl_capital", which isn't listed in the user's classes. Wait, maybe the user made a mistake in the example. Wait, the user's classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but that's not in the classes. Wait, maybe the user's example is incorrect, but the actual classes are as listed. So perhaps the user intended that "Location" is the class for cities, and "Pl_capital" is a specific type. But since the user's classes don't have that, maybe the correct class is "Location".

Wait, the user's example output had "aeroporto" as "Fac" (Facility), "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", which is not in the classes. So maybe the user's example is using some extended classes. But the user's instruction says the classes are the ones listed. So perhaps the user made a mistake in the example, but for the current task, I should use the classes as given: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other.

So for "Viana do Castelo", it's a city, so Location.

So the classifications would be:

- "O Tribunal de Viana do Castelo" → Organization
- "um homem de 36 anos" → Person
- "outro a tiro" → Person (since it's the victim)
- "Viana do Castelo" → Location

Wait, but "outro a tiro" is a bit ambiguous. The phrase "outro a tiro" could be interpreted as "another with a gun" (as in the method of killing), but in the context, it's the victim. So "outro" refers to the person who was killed. So it's a Person. But the phrase is "outro a tiro" – maybe it's a noun phrase meaning "the other (person) shot with a gun". So "outro" is the person, so "Person".

So the final classifications would be:

["O Tribunal de Viana do Castelo", "Org"], ["um homem de 36 anos", "Per"], ["outro a tiro", "Per"], ["Viana do Castelo", "Loc"]
</think>

<Output>[["O Tribunal de Viana do Castelo", "Org"], ["um homem de 36 anos", "Per"], ["outro a tiro", "Per"], ["Viana do Castelo", "Loc"]]