<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence in Portuguese about an accident at a construction site, reported by the commander of the Bombeiros de Ponte de Lima in the district of Viana do Castelo, specifically in the freguesia (parish) of Ribeira.

The participants to classify are:
1. "o comandante dos Bombeiros de Ponte de Lima"
2. "Bombeiros de Ponte de Lima"
3. "distrito de Viana do Castelo"
4. "obra de construção civil"
5. "freguesia de Ribeira"

Now, applying the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other.

Starting with the first participant: "o comandante dos Bombeiros de Ponte de Lima". The term "comandante" translates to "commander," which is a person. So this should be "Person" (Per).

Next, "Bombeiros de Ponte de Lima". Bombeiros is the Portuguese word for firefighters, so this is an organization, specifically a fire department. That would be "Organization" (Org).

Third, "distrito de Viana do Castelo". A district is a type of administrative region, which is a location. So "Location" (Loc).

Fourth, "obra de construção civil". "Obra" means work or project, and "construção civil" is civil construction. This refers to a construction project, which is an object or a facility. But since it's a temporary project, maybe "Object" (Obj) is more appropriate than Facility.

Lastly, "freguesia de Ribeira". Freguesia is a parish, which is a local administrative division, so that's a location (Loc).

Wait, but the classes include "Location" and "Facility". The "distrito" and "freguesia" are both administrative areas, so they are locations. The "obra" is a construction site, which could be considered a facility if it's a permanent structure, but since it's a temporary construction project, maybe "Object" is better. Alternatively, "Facility" might be used for any structure or place where an activity is carried out. Hmm. The example given in the initial task had "aeroporto" classified as "Fac" (Facility). So "obra de construção civil" might be an Object, as it's a temporary construction project, not a permanent facility. So I'll go with "Object" (Obj) for that.

Let me double-check each classification:

1. "o comandante dos Bombeiros de Ponte de Lima" – Person (Per)
2. "Bombeiros de Ponte de Lima" – Organization (Org)
3. "distrito de Viana do Castelo" – Location (Loc)
4. "obra de construção civil" – Object (Obj)
5. "freguesia de Ribeira" – Location (Loc)

That seems correct. I don't see any other classifications that might be ambiguous here. The "obra" is definitely an object, not a facility. The rest are clear.
</think>

[["o comandante dos Bombeiros de Ponte de Lima", "Per"], ["Bombeiros de Ponte de Lima", "Org"], ["distrito de Viana do Castelo", "Loc"], ["obra de construção civil", "Obj"], ["freguesia de Ribeira", "Loc"]]