<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo? Hmm, but I need to follow the example's structure.

Looking at the input sentence: "The inauguration of the new Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning, Nelson de Sousa, will take place today, at 8:30 pm, at the Palácio de Belém."

First, identify all entities. The main event is the inauguration. The participants would be the person being inaugurated, the location, any organizations mentioned, and maybe the time, but time might not be a participant. Let's break it down.

"Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning, Nelson de Sousa" – Nelson de Sousa is the person, so he's a participant. The title "Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning" might be an organizational role, but the example included "airline Jota Aviation" as an entity. So maybe the title is part of the entity. Also, "Minister of Planning" could be a role, but the example didn't include roles unless they were named entities. Wait, in the example, "a Public Security Police" was included, which is an organization. So "Minister of Planning" might be a role, but unless it's a specific organization, maybe not. But Nelson de Sousa is the individual, so he's definitely a participant.

Then, "Palácio de Belém" is the location, so that's a participant. The time is mentioned but probably not a participant. The example included "Lisbon" as a participant, which is a location. So "Palácio de Belém" should be included. 

Looking at the example output, they included "airport" as a participant. Wait, in the example input, "Humberto Delgado Airport" was mentioned, and "airport" was listed as a participant. So maybe even generic terms like "airport" are included if they are part of the event. But in the current input, "Palácio de Belém" is a specific location, so that's an entity. 

Also, the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In the current input, there's no mention of a source, so maybe that's not needed here. 

So the participants here would be:

- Nelson de Sousa (individual)
- Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning (role, but maybe not necessary unless it's an organization)
- Palácio de Belém (location)
- The Minister of Planning (if that's an entity, but the example didn't include roles unless they were named entities. Wait, in the example, "Public Security Police" was included as an organization, so maybe "Minister of Planning" is a role, but not an entity. However, Nelson de Sousa is the Secretary of State, so perhaps the title is part of his role. But the example included "the aircraft" and "the same source" as entities. 

Wait, in the example, "the same source" was included. So maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity is included. So "the inauguration" is the event, but participants are those involved. The event itself isn't a participant. 

So in the input, the main participants are Nelson de Sousa (the person being inaugurated), the Palácio de Belém (location), and possibly the Minister of Planning if that's an entity. But the example didn't include "Minister of Planning" unless it was part of an organization. Wait, in the example, "Public Security Police" was included, which is an organization. So "Minister of Planning" is a role, not an organization. So maybe only Nelson de Sousa and Palácio de Belém are participants. 

Wait, but the example included "the airports" as a participant. In the input, "the airports of Farnborough, England, and Lisbon" were mentioned. So "the airports" was included. So in the current input, "the Palácio de Belém" is a specific location, so that's an entity. 

So the output would be:

["Nelson de Sousa", 1.0], ["Palácio de Belém", 1.0]

But wait, the example included "the aircraft" and "the same source" as entities. So maybe "the inauguration" is not a participant, but the event's location and the person involved. Also, the example included "airport" as a participant even though it was part of a specific name. So maybe "Palácio de Belém" is the entity, and "the Palácio de Belém" is the same. 

Wait, in the example, "at Humberto Delgado Airport" was included as a participant. So the full phrase is included. So in the current input, "at the Palácio de Belém" would be the phrase. But the example included "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as a participant. So maybe the prepositional phrase is included. But in the example, "airport" was also listed. So perhaps both the specific name and the general term are included. 

Wait, the example output had "airport", "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", "the airports", etc. So maybe both the specific and general terms are included. So in the current input, "Palácio de Belém" is a specific location, so that's included. Also, "the Palácio de Belém" as the phrase. But the example included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe the exact phrases are included. 

So in the input, the exact phrases are "the Palácio de Belém" and "Nelson de Sousa". Also, "the Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning" might be considered, but that's a title. However, in the example, "the aircraft" was included. So maybe "the Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning" is an entity. But that's a title, not an organization. Hmm. 

Alternatively, maybe the main participants are Nelson de Sousa (the person) and the location Palácio de Belém. The title might be part of his role, but not an entity. 

So the final answer would be:

[
  ["Nelson de Sousa", 1.0],
  ["the Palácio de Belém", 1.0]
]

But wait, the example included "the same source" as a participant. In the current input, there's no mention of a source, so that's not needed. Also, the example included "source" as a participant. But in the current input, there's no source mentioned. 

Therefore, the correct participants are Nelson de Sousa and the Palácio de Belém. The confidence is 1.0 for both since they are explicitly mentioned.
</think>

[["Nelson de Sousa", 1.0], ["the Palácio de Belém", 1.0]]