<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and they might be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Ricardo Pinheiro was president of the Chamber of Campo Maior, district of Portalegre, a circle for which he was elected deputy in the last legislative elections."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. Ricardo Pinheiro – clearly a person, so he's a participant. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.
2. Chamber of Campo Maior – an organization or institution. The name is specific, so confidence around 0.9.
3. district of Portalegre – a geographical area, part of the Chamber's location. Maybe 0.85.
4. a circle – this is a bit ambiguous. In Portuguese politics, "circle" might refer to a electoral district. But since it's mentioned in the context of being a deputy, it's likely an entity. However, "a circle" is vague. Confidence might be lower, like 0.7.
5. deputy – a role, but not an entity itself. So probably not included.
6. last legislative elections – an event, but participants are those involved, not the event itself. So maybe not included here.

Wait, the example output included "the same source" and "Lusa." as entities. So even if something is a role or title, if it's a specific entity, it's included. But in this case, "deputy" is a role, not a specific entity. However, "the Chamber of Campo Maior" is an organization. The district of Portalegre is a location, but maybe considered a participant as it's part of the structure. The "circle" is a bit unclear. Maybe "circle" here refers to an electoral district, which is an entity. But since it's referred to as "a circle," which is indefinite, the confidence is lower. 

Also, "last legislative elections" is an event, not a participant. So participants would be the people and organizations involved. So Ricardo Pinheiro, Chamber of Campo Maior, district of Portalegre, and maybe the circle (if it's an entity). 

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So if "a circle" is a specific entity, even if it's indefinite, it might be included. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "circle" here is part of the Chamber's structure, so it's a part of the Chamber. But the text says "a circle for which he was elected deputy," so the circle is the electoral district. In Portuguese elections, "círculo eleitoral" is a term, so "circle" here refers to that. So it's an entity. But since it's referred to as "a circle," which is not specific, maybe the confidence is lower. 

So the entities would be:

- Ricardo Pinheiro (0.95)
- Chamber of Campo Maior (0.9)
- district of Portalegre (0.85)
- a circle (0.7)
- last legislative elections – no, that's an event, not a participant.

Wait, but the example output included "the airports" as an entity. So even if it's a plural, it's included. So "district of Portalegre" is a participant. "a circle" is a participant. 

So the final list would be:

["Ricardo Pinheiro", 0.95], ["Chamber of Campo Maior", 0.9], ["district of Portalegre", 0.85], ["a circle", 0.7]
</think>

[["Ricardo Pinheiro", 0.95], ["Chamber of Campo Maior", 0.9], ["district of Portalegre", 0.85], ["a circle", 0.7]]