<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or affected by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" and "a stopped engine" are included, which might be a bit confusing. Wait, maybe those are parts of the event but not actual participants. Hmm, but the example includes them, so I need to follow that.

Looking at the input: "Speaking to Lusa, a source from the PSP Lisbon Metropolitan Command explained that the incident happened around 12:00." 

First, identify entities. "Lusa" is a news agency, so that's an organization. "a source" is a participant, but the example includes "source" and "the same source" as entities. However, in this case, the source is from the PSP Lisbon Metropolitan Command. So "PSP Lisbon Metropolitan Command" is an organization. The user mentioned "a source from the PSP..." so the source is part of that organization. But should I list "source" as a separate entity? In the example, "source" and "the same source" are included. So maybe "source" is considered an entity here. 

Also, "PSP" is the Portuguese Public Security Police, so that's an organization. "Lusa" is another organization. The time "12:00" is probably not a participant. The location isn't mentioned here, just the time. 

So possible entities: "Lusa", "a source", "PSP Lisbon Metropolitan Command", "the incident" (but the example didn't include "incident" as a participant, so maybe not). Wait, the example included "engine failure" as a participant? No, in the example, "engine" and "a stopped engine" were included. Wait, the example input was about a plane landing due to engine failure, and the output included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities. So maybe any noun phrase that's part of the event is considered a participant. But that might be stretching it. However, the user's definition says participants are those involved or impacted. So maybe "engine failure" is an event, not a participant. But the example includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities. So perhaps any noun phrase that's part of the event is considered a participant. 

But in the current input, the main participants are the source (from PSP), Lusa, and the PSP itself. The time isn't a participant. So the entities would be "Lusa", "a source", "PSP Lisbon Metropolitan Command", and maybe "the incident" but the example didn't include that. Wait, the example output had "engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities. So perhaps any noun phrase that's part of the event is considered. But in this case, the incident is the event itself, not a participant. 

Alternatively, maybe the participants are the entities that are involved in the event. The source is a participant because they explained the incident. The PSP is the organization the source is from. Lusa is the news agency that the source spoke to. So the entities would be "Lusa", "a source", "PSP Lisbon Metropolitan Command". 

But the example included "the same source" as an entity. In this input, the source is mentioned once as "a source from the PSP...". So maybe "a source" and "the same source" are both entities if they refer to the same thing. However, in this input, there's only one mention of the source. So maybe just "a source" and "PSP Lisbon Metropolitan Command" and "Lusa". 

Wait, the example output had entries like "the same source" which is a pronoun reference. But in the current input, there's no such reference. So maybe just "a source" and "PSP Lisbon Metropolitan Command" and "Lusa". 

Confidence levels: "Lusa" is definitely an organization, so high confidence. "a source" is a participant, but since it's a generic term, maybe lower confidence? But in the example, "source" was included with confidence 1.0. Wait, looking back at the example output, the first entry was "Plane" with 0.85, "to engine" with 0.7, etc. So maybe the confidence varies based on how certain the entity is. 

In this case, "Lusa" is a known news agency, so high confidence. "PSP Lisbon Metropolitan Command" is an organization, so high confidence. "a source" is a participant, but since it's a role, maybe lower confidence. However, in the example, "source" was included with 1.0. So perhaps the user expects that even if it's a role, it's considered an entity. 

So the final list would be:

["Lusa", 1.0], ["a source", 0.8], ["PSP Lisbon Metropolitan Command", 1.0]

Wait, but the example included "the same source" as an entity. However, in this input, there's no "the same source", just "a source". So maybe just "a source" and "PSP Lisbon Metropolitan Command" and "Lusa". 

Also, the time "12:00" is not a participant. The location isn't mentioned. So the answer should be those three entities. But I need to check if "source" is considered a participant. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The source is involved in explaining the incident, so yes. 

Therefore, the JSON array would be:

[["Lusa", 1.0], ["a source", 0.8], ["PSP Lisbon Metropolitan Command", 1.0]]
</think>

[["Lusa", 1.0], ["a source", 0.8], ["PSP Lisbon Metropolitan Command", 1.0]]