<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo. The original input had "due to engine failure," so maybe "engine" is the correct participant here. But the example includes "to engine" which seems incorrect. Hmm, perhaps that's a mistake in the example, but I need to follow the given format.

Looking at the input sentence: "The four men, of an unspecified age, fled after the shooting, but ended up intercepted by authorities and detained."

First, identify the entities. "The four men" are definitely participants. They are the individuals involved. Then "authorities" are the ones who intercepted them. "Shooting" is an event, but maybe not a participant. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The shooting is an event, not an entity. So "shooting" might not be a participant. However, sometimes events can be considered, but the example didn't include "shooting" in the output. Let me check the example again. The example input had "engine failure" and the output included "engine" but not "failure." So maybe only the noun phrases are considered.

So in the current input, "the four men" are participants. "authorities" are participants. The "authorities" are the ones who intercepted them. Also, "detained" is an action, but the entity is the authorities. The "four men" are the ones who fled and were detained. The age is unspecified, but "men" is the entity. The "authorities" are the group involved. 

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So in this case, "authorities" would be the entity. Also, "the four men" is a group. The output should be a list of entities with confidence scores. 

So the entities would be: "The four men", "authorities". Also, "the shooting" might be considered as an event, but according to the definition, participants are entities involved or impacted. The shooting is an event, not an entity. So maybe not. 

So the output would be ["The four men", "authorities"]. But need to check if "the shooting" is an entity. The example didn't include "engine failure" as a participant, only "engine" and "a stopped engine." So perhaps only the noun phrases that are entities. 

So the answer would be:

[
  ["The four men", 0.95],
  ["authorities", 0.85]
]

But wait, the example included "a Public Security Police" and "source" as entities. In the current input, "authorities" is a group, so that's correct. The "four men" are individuals. The confidence scores should be between 0 and 1. I need to assign reasonable confidence levels. "The four men" is clearly mentioned, so high confidence. "Authorities" is also clearly mentioned, so high confidence. The example had "source" as an entity, but in this case, there's no mention of a source, so not included. 

Therefore, the final answer should be those two entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["The four men", 0.95], ["authorities", 0.85]]