<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, though that might be a bit confusing. Wait, maybe "to engine" was a mistake? But the example output includes it, so I need to follow that.

Looking at the input: "There are no injuries to report, just damage to vehicles that were at the scene”, said the same source, noting that “several bullet casings” were left at the scene."

First, identify all entities. The main participants here are the source, the vehicles, the bullet casings, and maybe the scene. Let's break it down.

The sentence mentions "the same source" which refers back to a previous source mentioned. In the example, "source" and "the same source" were both included. So here, "the same source" would be a participant. Also, "vehicles" are mentioned as damaged, so they are participants. "Bullet casings" are physical items left at the scene, so they might be considered as entities. The "scene" itself is a location where the event happened, so that's a participant too. 

Wait, the definition says participants can be entities impacted by the event. The vehicles were damaged, so they are impacted. The bullet casings are part of the event, so they are involved. The source is an entity providing information. The scene is the location, but is that considered a participant? The example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants, so maybe locations are included as well. 

So possible entities here: "the same source", "vehicles", "bullet casings", "scene". Also, "damage" might be a concept, but the example didn't include abstract terms like that. The example included "engine" and "stopped engine" as participants, so maybe parts of the plane. But in this case, "vehicles" are the ones damaged, so they are participants. 

Wait, the example included "to engine" as a participant. That seems odd. Maybe it's a mistake, but the user's example shows that. So perhaps any noun phrase that's part of the event is considered. But in this case, "vehicles" and "bullet casings" are the main ones. 

Also, "the same source" is a participant. The example had "source" and "the same source" as separate entries. So here, "the same source" would be one, and maybe "source" if mentioned elsewhere. But in this input, it's only "the same source". 

So the output should be a list with each entity and a confidence score. Let me list them:

- "the same source" (confidence high, maybe 0.9)
- "vehicles" (confidence 0.8)
- "bullet casings" (confidence 0.7)
- "scene" (confidence 0.6)
- "damage" (but the example didn't include abstract terms, so maybe not)
- "to vehicles" (like in the example, but here it's "damage to vehicles", so maybe "vehicles" is sufficient)

Wait, the example included "to engine" but that might be a mistake. However, the user's instruction says to follow the example. So in the example, "to engine" was included. But in this case, the input is "damage to vehicles", so maybe "to vehicles" is a participant? But that's a prepositional phrase. The example included "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as a participant. So maybe any noun phrase that's part of the event is considered. 

So in the input, "vehicles that were at the scene" – "vehicles" and "the scene" are participants. "Bullet casings" are also mentioned. "the same source" is a participant. 

So the entities would be:

["the same source", 0.9], ["vehicles", 0.8], ["bullet casings", 0.7], ["scene", 0.6]

But wait, in the example, "airport" was included as a participant. Here, "scene" is a location, so similar to "airport". Also, "the same source" is an entity. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The input doesn't mention any organizations or specific names, just the source, vehicles, bullet casings, and the scene. So the final list should be those four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["the same source", 0.9], ["vehicles", 0.8], ["bullet casings", 0.7], ["scene", 0.6]]