<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and provide them with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like organizations, individuals, or even specific roles mentioned in the text.

First, I need to understand the input sentence: "The case was handed over to the Judiciary Police." The main action here is the handing over of a case. The participants involved would be the ones who are directly involved in this action. 

Looking at the sentence structure, "The case" is the subject, but since the task is about participants, maybe "the case" isn't considered a participant here. The verb is "was handed over," which is a passive construction. The recipient of the action is "the Judiciary Police." 

So the main participant here is "Judiciary Police." But wait, the example output included entities like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., even if they were parts of phrases. However, in the example, "to engine" was included, which seems a bit odd. Maybe that's a mistake, but the user's example includes such entries, so I need to follow that pattern.

Wait, in the example input, "to engine" was included. But in the given input sentence, the phrase is "handed over to the Judiciary Police." So "the Judiciary Police" is the entity here. But maybe "Judiciary Police" is an organization, so that's a participant. 

Are there any other participants? The sentence mentions "the case," but the case is the object being handed over, not an active participant. The subject is implied to be someone else, but since it's passive, the subject isn't mentioned. So the only explicit participant is "Judiciary Police." 

But wait, in the example, they included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So maybe any noun phrase that's a participant, even if it's a role or a title. In this case, "Judiciary Police" is an organization, so that's a participant. 

I should check if there are any other entities. The sentence is very short. "The case" is the object, but the case itself isn't a participant, it's the thing being transferred. The Judiciary Police are the ones receiving it, so they are the participant. 

So the output should be a list with ["Judiciary Police", confidence]. The confidence here would be high, maybe 0.95, since it's clearly mentioned. 

Wait, but in the example, they included "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. In this case, the sentence doesn't mention any other entities. So the only participant is "Judiciary Police." 

I need to make sure I'm not missing any other possible participants. The sentence is straightforward. The Judiciary Police are the ones receiving the case, so they are the participant. 

Therefore, the JSON array should have one element: ["Judiciary Police", 0.95]. But I need to check if "Judiciary Police" is correctly identified as an organization. Since it's a proper noun and refers to an official body, it's a valid participant. 

I think that's it. No other entities are present in the sentence.
</think>

[["Judiciary Police", 0.95]]