<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. So, the input is a sentence about a search operation where members of the GNR and firefighters were involved, and a woman was found. The participants to classify are "members of the GNR", "GNR", "firefighters", and "the woman".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had entries like "Plane" classified as Object (Obj), "airport" as Facility (Fac), etc. So I need to apply the same logic here.

Starting with "members of the GNR". GNR is the Portuguese National Republican Guard, which is an organization. The members would be people working under that organization. So "members of the GNR" would be People (Person). But wait, the class is "Person" for individuals, but if it's a group, maybe it's an Organization? Wait, the example had "Public Security Police" as an Organization. So "members of the GNR" is a group of people, but the term itself refers to the members, which are individuals. However, in the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org, but here "members of the GNR" might be considered as a group, but the class might still be Person if they are individuals. Hmm, maybe I need to check the example again. In the example, "a Public Security Police" was Org, but "source" was Person. Wait, the example had "a Public Security Police source" which was classified as Org, but "source" was Person. So maybe when it's a group like "members of the GNR", it's an Organization. Wait, but "members" are individuals. This is a bit confusing. Let me think again.

The GNR is an organization. "Members of the GNR" would be people who are part of that organization. So the term "members of the GNR" refers to the people, so it's a Person. But if the term was just "GNR", that would be the organization. So "members of the GNR" is Person, "GNR" is Organization. Then "firefighters" are people, so Person. "the woman" is obviously a Person.

Wait, but in the example, "the aircraft" was classified as Object (Obj). So if "members of the GNR" is a group of people, but the class is Person, not Organization. Because the class "Organization" is for the entity itself, not the members. So "GNR" is an Organization, but "members of the GNR" are individuals, hence Person.

So the classifications would be:

- "members of the GNR" → Person
- "GNR" → Organization
- "firefighters" → Person
- "the woman" → Person

Let me check if there are any other possible classes. For example, "firefighters" could be considered as a profession, but the class is Person. "the woman" is clearly a person. So the output should be:

[
  ["members of the GNR", "Person"],
  ["GNR", "Organization"],
  ["firefighters", "Person"],
  ["the woman", "Person"]
]

I think that's correct. Let me make sure there's no other possible classification. "Firefighters" as a group might be considered an Organization, but in the example, "airline Jota Aviation" was an Organization. So "firefighters" as a collective term might be an Organization, but in the example, "firefighters" were part of the participants and classified as Person. Wait, in the example input, the participants included "firefighters" and they were classified as Person. Wait, no, the example input was different. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the participants included "Public Security Police" which was classified as Org. So "firefighters" here are individuals, so Person. So yes, the classification seems right.
</think>

[["members of the GNR", "Person"], ["GNR", "Organization"], ["firefighters", "Person"], ["the woman", "Person"]]