<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input sentence: "The 'jihadist' group Islamic State (IS) today claimed responsibility for the armed attack that took place on Monday in Vienna, which caused four fatalities and 22 injuries, in a statement published on its Telegram networks."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. Islamic State (IS) - They are the group claiming responsibility, so definitely a participant.
2. The armed attack - The event itself, but the question is whether it's considered a participant. The definition includes events, but the example given in the task includes entities like "plane", "engine", etc., which are objects or parts of the event. However, the armed attack is the event, so maybe it's not a participant but the event. Wait, the example output includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. Hmm, maybe the event is not considered a participant, but the entities involved in the event are. So the armed attack is the event, not a participant. So maybe I shouldn't include it.

Next, the location: Vienna. The attack happened there, so Vienna is a location impacted by the event. The definition says participants can be entities impacted by the event. So Vienna would be a participant. But in the example, "airport" and "Lisbon" were included. So yes, locations are participants if they are involved or impacted.

Then, the fatalities and injuries. The example didn't include numbers like "four fatalities" as entities, but the example included "engine" as a participant. However, the fatalities and injuries are people, but they are not named. The example included "plane" and "engine" as entities. So maybe the victims are not named individuals, so they are not extracted as participants. The example didn't include numbers like "four fatalities" either. So perhaps only named or specific entities are considered.

Telegram networks: The statement was published on Telegram. So Telegram is an entity here. The example included "Lusa." and "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" as participants. So "Telegram" would be a participant here.

The statement mentions "its Telegram networks." The "its" refers to Islamic State, so the Telegram networks are used by IS. But the entity here is Telegram, so that's a participant.

So compiling the list:

- Islamic State (IS) - high confidence.
- Vienna - location impacted, so participant.
- Telegram - the network where the statement was published.
- The armed attack? Wait, the example included "event" as a participant? Let me check the example again. The example input was about a plane landing, and the output included "plane", "engine", "airport", etc. So the event itself (the emergency landing) wasn't listed as a participant. So the armed attack is the event, not a participant. So I shouldn't include it.

Wait, the example output had "the aircraft" and "the plane" as participants. So the actual objects involved in the event. In the current input, the armed attack is the event, but the participants would be the group responsible (IS), the location (Vienna), and the platform (Telegram). Also, the statement is published by IS, so maybe "statement" is part of the entity? But the example didn't include "statement" as a participant. The example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. So in this case, "statement" might not be a participant, but the entity that published it (Telegram) is.

So the participants would be:

- Islamic State (IS)
- Vienna
- Telegram
- The armed attack? No, because the event is not an entity. The example didn't include the event as a participant. So no.

Wait, the example included "engine" as a participant. So parts of the event. So in the current case, the armed attack is the event, but the participants are the group (IS), the location (Vienna), and the platform (Telegram). Also, the statement is part of the action, but the entity is Telegram.

So the final list would be:

["Islamic State (IS)", 1.0], ["Vienna", 0.9], ["Telegram", 0.8]. 

Wait, but the example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. In this case, the source is the Islamic State's Telegram networks. So maybe "Islamic State (IS)" is the one making the claim, and "Telegram" is the platform. Are there any other entities? The statement is published on its Telegram networks. So "its" refers to IS, so the Telegram networks are the entity. So "Telegram" is a participant. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The input mentions "Islamic State (IS)", "Vienna", "Telegram networks". The fatalities and injuries are not named individuals, so they are not participants. The attack is the event, not a participant. So the three entities are IS, Vienna, Telegram. Confidence scores: IS is definitely mentioned, so 1.0. Vienna is a location, 0.9. Telegram is mentioned as the platform, so 0.8. Maybe "statement" is part of the action, but the example didn't include that. So the answer would be those three.
</think>

[["Islamic State (IS)", 1.0], ["Vienna", 0.9], ["Telegram", 0.8]]