<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "The IS statement attributes the shots fired near a synagogue and the opera house to a 'soldier of the caliphate'." 

Looking for entities here. The main entities mentioned are:

1. "IS" – likely referring to the Islamic State, which is an organization. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.
2. "synagogue" – a place, but is it a participant? The definition includes entities impacted, so maybe. But the synagogue is a location where the event happened. However, the problem is whether it's considered a participant. The example given in the task included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So maybe places are included. But the synagogue here is a specific location, so perhaps "synagogue" is a participant. Confidence might be lower, like 0.7.
3. "opera house" – similar to the synagogue, another location. So same reasoning, maybe 0.7.
4. "soldier of the caliphate" – this is a person or role. Since it's attributed as the one who fired the shots, they are the actor. But the term is in quotes, so maybe it's a title or a specific individual. However, without more context, it's a role. But the example included "engine" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe "soldier of the caliphate" is a participant. Confidence here might be 0.8.
5. "statement" – the IS statement is an action, but the statement itself isn't a participant. The entity here is IS, not the statement. So maybe "statement" isn't a participant. The example included "source" as a participant, but that was in a different context. Here, the statement is part of the action, not an entity involved. So probably not including "statement".
6. "shots fired" – this is an event, not an entity. So not a participant.
7. "near a synagogue" – the prepositional phrase, but the synagogue is the entity. So "synagogue" is already considered.
8. "opera house" – same as above.

Wait, the example output included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So places are included. So "synagogue" and "opera house" would be participants. But in the example, "the airports" was included, which is a plural. Here, "synagogue" and "opera house" are singular, but they are still entities.

So compiling the list:

- "IS" (organization) – 0.95
- "synagogue" – 0.7
- "opera house" – 0.7
- "soldier of the caliphate" – 0.8

Wait, but the example also included "source" as a participant. In the input, the source was "a Public Security Police source". Here, the source is "IS statement", but the entity is "IS". The example included "source" as a separate entity. However, in this case, the source is the IS statement, but the main entity is IS. So maybe "IS" is the participant, not the statement.

Another thing: the example included "engine" as a participant. So parts of objects can be participants. But in this case, "soldier of the caliphate" is a role or title, not a part of something. So maybe that's a participant.

So the final list would be:

["IS", 0.95], ["synagogue", 0.7], ["opera house", 0.7], ["soldier of the caliphate", 0.8]

Wait, but the example included "engine" as a participant. So maybe "engine" is a part of the plane, but in this case, "soldier of the caliphate" is a role. However, the definition says participants can be individuals, groups, etc. So if the soldier is an individual, then that's a participant. But since it's in quotes, maybe it's a title, but still, the entity is the soldier. So I think including it.

I need to make sure I'm not missing any other entities. The sentence mentions "the IS statement attributes...", so "IS" is the organization. The other entities are the locations and the soldier. So that's all.
</think>

[["IS", 0.95], ["synagogue", 0.7], ["opera house", 0.7], ["soldier of the caliphate", 0.8]]