<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "The 20-year-old perpetrator of the attack was shot dead on Monday night by police in the center of Vienna." 

Breaking it down, the main event is the shooting of the perpetrator by the police. The participants here would be the perpetrator, the police, and possibly Vienna as a location. Let's look for each entity.

"The 20-year-old perpetrator" is clearly an individual involved. The term "perpetrator of the attack" is a role, but the actual participant is the person, so "perpetrator" might be a role, but the entity is the person. However, the example includes "perpetrator" as an entity, so maybe that's acceptable here. Wait, in the example given by the user, they included "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities. That seems odd, but maybe they are considering parts of the event as participants. Hmm, perhaps the user's example is a bit inconsistent, but I need to follow their definition.

Wait, the definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities involved or impacted. So "perpetrator" is an individual, "police" is a group, and "Vienna" is a location. But in the example, they included "airport" and "Lisbon" as entities. So maybe locations are considered participants if they are involved or impacted. 

In the input sentence, the perpetrator was shot by the police in Vienna. So the participants would be the perpetrator, the police, and Vienna (as the location where the event happened). However, the example output included "airport" and "Lisbon" as entities, so maybe locations are included even if they are just the place where the event occurred. 

Looking at the example output again: ["Plane", "to engine", "A plane", "engine", "the aircraft", "a stopped engine", "The aircraft", "The plane", "airport", "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", "the airports", "Farnborough", "England", "Lisbon", "Lusa.", "a Public Security Police", "airline Jota Aviation", "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", "source", "the same source", "Lisbon", "website."]. 

Here, "airport" and "Lisbon" are included as entities. So even if they are just locations, they are considered participants. So in the current input, "Vienna" would be a participant as the location. 

Now, the sentence mentions "police" as the ones who shot the perpetrator. "police" is a group, so that's a participant. The perpetrator is an individual. Then, "Vienna" as the location. 

But wait, the example also included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So any noun phrases that refer to entities, even if they are not people or organizations but roles or sources, are included. 

So in the input sentence, the entities would be:

- "The 20-year-old perpetrator of the attack" (individual)
- "police" (group)
- "Vienna" (location)

But the example included "perpetrator" as an entity. However, in the input, the full phrase is "The 20-year-old perpetrator of the attack". Should I extract the full phrase or just "perpetrator"? The example includes "A plane", "the aircraft", etc., so it seems that noun phrases are extracted as they appear. 

So for the input sentence, the entities would be:

1. "The 20-year-old perpetrator of the attack" (individual)
2. "police" (group)
3. "Vienna" (location)

But wait, the example also included "Lisbon" multiple times. So even if the same entity is mentioned multiple times, they are listed each time. However, in the example, "Lisbon" appears multiple times, but in the output, they are all included. So in the current input, "Vienna" is mentioned once, so it would be once. 

But the example also includes "the same source" as an entity. So in the input, "police" is mentioned once, so that's one entry. 

Now, confidence scores. For "The 20-year-old perpetrator of the attack", I'm pretty confident that's a participant. The confidence could be 0.95. "police" is a clear group, confidence 0.9. "Vienna" as a location, confidence 0.8. 

Wait, but the example includes "a Public Security Police" as an entity. In the input, "police" is a general term. But in the example, they included "a Public Security Police" as a specific entity. However, in the current input, it's just "police", so maybe that's a general term, but still a participant. 

Alternatively, maybe "police" is considered a group, so it's a participant. 

So the final list would be:

["The 20-year-old perpetrator of the attack", 0.95], ["police", 0.9], ["Vienna", 0.8]

But let me check again. The example includes "source" as an entity. In the input, there's no mention of a source, but in the example, "source" is included. So maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity, even if it's a role, is included. 

In the current input, "police" is a group, "perpetrator" is an individual, and "Vienna" is a location. 

I think that's all. So the JSON array would be those three entries with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["The 20-year-old perpetrator of the attack", 0.95], ["police", 0.9], ["Vienna", 0.8]]