<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. First, I need to understand what a participant is according to the definition. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input sentence: "According to the same source, death was confirmed at the scene and the body was transported to the National Institute of Legal Medicine."

Breaking it down, the main event here is the confirmation of death and the transportation of the body. Let's identify possible participants.

1. "the same source" – this refers to a previous source mentioned, likely an organization or individual. Since it's mentioned as a source, it's a participant. Confidence might be high, maybe 0.9.

2. "death" – but death is an event, not an entity. The definition says participants are entities, so maybe not. Unless "death" is considered an entity here, but I think it's more of an event. Probably not a participant.

3. "the body" – the body is involved in the transportation. However, the body is a thing, not an entity like a person or organization. But the definition includes "patients, victims" as roles. Wait, the body here is the victim's body. So maybe "the body" is a participant as the victim. But the example given in the task included "plane" as a participant. So maybe inanimate objects can be participants if they are involved. However, the example also included "to engine" which is a part of the plane. Hmm, maybe the user is considering parts as participants. But in this case, "the body" is a victim, so perhaps it's a participant. But I'm not sure. The example included "the aircraft" as a participant, so maybe "the body" is also a participant. But I need to check if the definition includes such things. The definition says participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. The body is an entity here, so maybe it's included. But I'm a bit uncertain. Maybe the user expects "the body" to be included. Let's tentatively include it with a confidence of 0.7.

4. "National Institute of Legal Medicine" – this is an organization, definitely a participant. Confidence 0.95.

5. "scene" – the location where the death was confirmed. But the definition includes locations as participants? The example included "airport" as a participant. So "scene" might be considered a location, hence a participant. But "scene" is a bit vague. However, in the example, "at Humberto Delgado Airport" was included as a participant. So "scene" might be included here. But the user might consider "scene" as a location, so maybe include it. Confidence 0.6.

Wait, but in the example, "airport" was included as a participant. So in this case, "scene" is a location, so maybe it's a participant. But "scene" is a bit more abstract. However, the example included "the airports" as a participant. So perhaps "scene" is acceptable. But I'm not sure. Maybe the user expects "scene" to be included. Let's go with that, confidence 0.6.

6. "source" – in the example, "source" was included. Here, "the same source" is mentioned, so "source" is a participant. But in the example, "source" was listed as a participant. So here, "the same source" would be the same entity as "source" in the example. But in the example, "source" was included as a participant. So here, "the same source" is a participant. However, the example had "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entries. So maybe "source" is a participant here. But the user might consider "the same source" as the same entity as "source" in the previous context. However, in the input sentence, the only mention is "the same source", so maybe the entity is "source" with confidence 0.8.

Wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source" as separate entries. So in this case, "the same source" is a participant. But the user's input here is a new sentence, so "the same source" refers to a previous source. However, in the current sentence, the only mention is "the same source", so maybe "source" is the entity here. But the example had "source" and "the same source" as separate. So perhaps in this case, "the same source" is the entity. But the user's instruction is to extract participants from the given input. Since the input here is "the same source", the entity is "the same source" with confidence 0.8.

Wait, but the example output included "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entries. So in the current input, "the same source" is a participant. So I should include that as an entity. But the user's input is a new sentence, so maybe "the same source" is the entity here. However, the user's instruction is to extract participants from the given input. So the input here is "the same source", which is a participant. So the entity is "the same source" with confidence 0.8.

So compiling all possible entities:

- "the same source" (confidence 0.8)
- "National Institute of Legal Medicine" (0.95)
- "the body" (0.7)
- "scene" (0.6)

Wait, but the example included "the airports" as a participant. In the input sentence, "scene" is a location, so maybe it's included. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "scene" is not a participant because it's not an entity. The definition says participants are entities. "Scene" is a location, but not an organization or individual. However, the example included "airport" as a participant. So maybe locations are included. So "scene" is a participant here. But "scene" is a bit vague. Alternatively, maybe the user expects "scene" to be excluded. Hmm.

Alternatively, maybe "scene" is not a participant because it's not an entity. The example included "airport" as a participant, which is a specific location. "Scene" is more abstract. But in the example, "at Humberto Delgado Airport" was included as a participant. So in this case, "scene" is a location, but not a specific one. So maybe it's not a participant. So perhaps "scene" is not included.

So revising the list:

- "the same source" (0.8)
- "National Institute of Legal Medicine" (0.95)
- "the body" (0.7)

But the example included "plane" as a participant. Here, "the body" is an entity involved in the event. So maybe it's a participant. However, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The body is the victim, so it's impacted. So yes, it's a participant.

So the final list would be:

["the same source", 0.8], ["National Institute of Legal Medicine", 0.95], ["the body", 0.7]

Wait, but the example included "source" as a participant. In the example, "source" was included. But in the current input, the source is referred to as "the same source". So maybe "source" is the entity here. However, the example had "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entries. So in this case, "the same source" is the entity. So I think that's correct.

So the answer would be:

[["the same source", 0.8], ["National Institute of Legal Medicine", 0.95], ["the body", 0.7]]
</think>

[["the same source", 0.8], ["National Institute of Legal Medicine", 0.95], ["the body", 0.7]]