<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., and even things like "o motor" (the engine) if they are relevant.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "No mesmo comunicado, os ribatejanos agradecem "a onda de solidariedade com o atleta que chegou dos quatro cantos do mundo"."

Breaking it down, the main elements here are:

1. "os ribatejanos" – this refers to the people from Ribatejo, a region in Portugal. They are the ones thanking, so they are participants.
2. "a onda de solidariedade" – this is the wave of solidarity, but it's a concept, not an entity. Maybe not a participant.
3. "o atleta" – the athlete, who is the subject of the solidarity. So the athlete is a participant.
4. "dos quatro cantos do mundo" – from all over the world. This is a phrase indicating the origin of the solidarity, but not a specific entity. So probably not a participant.
5. The quotes are part of the sentence structure, not entities.

Looking at the example output, they included things like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were parts of the sentence. So maybe even "os ribatejanos" and "o atleta" are the main participants here. 

Wait, but "os ribatejanos" is a group, so that's a participant. "o atleta" is another participant. The "onda de solidariedade" is a concept, not an entity. The "quatro cantos do mundo" is a phrase, not a specific entity. 

So the extracted participants would be "os ribatejanos" and "o atleta". 

Now, confidence scores. "os ribatejanos" is clearly mentioned, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. "o atleta" is also directly mentioned, so 0.9. 

Wait, but in the example, they had multiple mentions of the same entity, like "Avião", "Um avião", etc., each with their own confidence. But in this case, "os ribatejanos" and "o atleta" are mentioned once each. So the output would be two entries. 

I need to make sure I'm not missing any other entities. The sentence structure is straightforward. The only participants are the people thanking (os ribatejanos) and the athlete being thanked. The rest are descriptive phrases or parts of the sentence structure. 

So the final list should be:
[["os ribatejanos", 0.95], ["o atleta", 0.9]]
</think>

[["os ribatejanos", 0.95], ["o atleta", 0.9]]