<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like organizations, people, groups, etc., and they might be mentioned explicitly or inferred.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is a quote from a communication by Alverca Futebol SAD, thanking various groups. The main entities here are:

1. Alverca Futebol SAD – they are the ones issuing the statement, so definitely a participant.
2. The athlete and their family – mentioned explicitly, so they are participants.
3. Professionals of health – thanked, so they are participants.
4. Clubs, athletes, institutions, and fans from around the world – these are groups thanked, so participants.
5. The SAD alverquense (which is the same as Alverca Futebol SAD, maybe a repetition) – need to check if it's the same entity.
6. The communication (comunicado) from SAD alverquense – the statement itself is a participant? Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The communication is an action, not an entity. So maybe not. The user might have included "comunicado" in the example, but looking back at the example output, they included "o comunicado da SAD alverquense" but in the output, it's not there. Wait, the example input had "o comunicado da SAD alverquense" but in the output, the entities listed were things like "a agência Lusa", "a Polícia de Segurança Pública", etc. So maybe the communication itself isn't an entity but the SAD is. So in the current input, "comunicado da SAD alverquense" would refer to the SAD, not the communication itself.

Now, looking at the input text again:

"Em nome do Alverca Futebol SAD, em nome do atleta e seus familiares, agradecemos aos profissionais de saúde, e a todos que endereçaram mensagens, clubes, atletas, instituições e adeptos de todo o mundo, que se juntaram a nós numa gigantesca demonstração de apreço pela vida humana", finalizou o comunicado da SAD alverquense."

Breaking it down:

- "Alverca Futebol SAD" is mentioned twice. The first time as "em nome do Alverca Futebol SAD", and later as "SAD alverquense". These are the same entity, so I should list them once, maybe with different mentions but same entity. However, the example output included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" and "Lisboa" as separate entities even though they are the same place. Wait, in the example, "Lisboa" appears multiple times, but each occurrence is listed as a separate entity. So maybe each mention is considered a separate entity even if it's the same place. But the user's instruction says "extract all participants", so perhaps each distinct mention is considered, even if they refer to the same entity. However, the example output includes "Lisboa" multiple times. Wait, looking at the example output:

["Avião", "o motor", "Um avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", "um motor", "A aeronave", "O avião", "aeroporto", "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", "Lisboa", "os aeroportos", "Farnborough", "Inglaterra", "Lisboa", "à agência Lusa", "a Polícia de Segurança Pública", "companhia aérea Jota Aviation", "a ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", "fonte", "a mesma fonte", "Lisboa", "o ‘site’"]

So "Lisboa" is listed three times. So even if it's the same entity, each mention is considered a separate entry. So in the current input, "Alverca Futebol SAD" and "SAD alverquense" are the same entity, but they are mentioned twice, so both should be included. However, the user's example includes "a mesma fonte" as a separate entity. So perhaps each mention is treated as a separate entity even if it's the same thing. So I need to list each occurrence as a separate entity with their own confidence.

Now, the participants here are:

1. Alverca Futebol SAD (mentioned as "em nome do Alverca Futebol SAD" and "SAD alverquense")
2. The athlete and their family ("em nome do atleta e seus familiares")
3. Professionals of health ("aos profissionais de saúde")
4. Clubs, athletes, institutions, and fans from around the world ("clubes, atletas, instituições e adeptos de todo o mundo")
5. The communication (comunicado) – but the example didn't include that. Wait, in the example, the output included entities like "a agência Lusa", "a Polícia de Segurança Pública", etc. So the communication itself isn't an entity, but the SAD is. So "comunicado da SAD alverquense" refers to the SAD, not the communication. So the SAD is the entity here.

So the entities would be:

- "Alverca Futebol SAD" (first mention)
- "o atleta" (the athlete)
- "seus familiares" (the family)
- "profissionais de saúde"
- "clubes"
- "atletas"
- "instituições"
- "adeptos de todo o mundo"
- "SAD alverquense" (second mention)
- "comunicado da SAD alverquense" – but the example didn't include the communication as an entity. Wait, the example input had "finalizou o comunicado da SAD alverquense" but in the output, it's not listed. So maybe the communication is not an entity here. The user's example output didn't include the communication, only the entities involved. So in this case, the SAD is the entity, not the communication. So "comunicado da SAD alverquense" is not an entity but refers to the SAD.

Now, confidence scores. For each entity, I need to assign a confidence between 0 and 1. The example had entries like "Avião" with 0.85, etc. So for each mention, I need to assess how certain I am that it's a participant.

- "Alverca Futebol SAD" and "SAD alverquense" are the same entity, so both are participants. Confidence high, maybe 0.95.
- "o atleta" and "seus familiares" are participants, confidence 0.9.
- "profissionais de saúde" – definitely participants, 0.95.
- "clubes", "atletas", "instituições", "adeptos de todo o mundo" – these are groups thanked, so participants, confidence 0.9.

But wait, in the example, "os aeroportos" was included as an entity. Here, "clubes", "atletas", etc., are plural, but the example included "os aeroportos" as a separate entity. So even if they are plural, they are considered entities. So each of these should be listed as separate entities.

So the final list would be:

["Alverca Futebol SAD", 0.95], ["o atleta", 0.9], ["seus familiares", 0.9], ["profissionais de saúde", 0.95], ["clubes", 0.9], ["atletas", 0.9], ["instituições", 0.9], ["adeptos de todo o mundo", 0.9], ["SAD alverquense", 0.95]

But wait, the input mentions "em nome do Alverca Futebol SAD" and "SAD alverquense" as the same entity. So each mention is a separate entry. Also, "em nome do atleta e seus familiares" – "o atleta" and "seus familiares" are separate entities.

I need to check if "em nome do atleta e seus familiares" refers to the athlete and their family as participants. Yes, they are thanked, so they are participants.

So the JSON array would be:

[
  ["Alverca Futebol SAD", 0.95],
  ["o atleta", 0.9],
  ["seus familiares", 0.9],
  ["profissionais de saúde", 0.95],
  ["clubes", 0.9],
  ["atletas", 0.9],
  ["instituições", 0.9],
  ["adeptos de todo o mundo", 0.9],
  ["SAD alverquense", 0.95]
]

But wait, the example included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as an entity. In this case, the input doesn't mention any specific airports, so no need. Also, the example included "Lisboa" multiple times. Here, "adeptos de todo o mundo" is a group, so that's an entity. Also, "adeptos" is a term used in Portuguese for fans, so that's correct.

I think that's all. Now, I need to make sure each entity is listed as per the input mentions, even if they are the same entity. So "Alverca Futebol SAD" and "SAD alverquense" are two separate mentions but same entity, so both are included. The confidence for each is high, maybe 0.95. The others have 0.9.
</think>

[["Alverca Futebol SAD", 0.95], ["o atleta", 0.9], ["seus familiares", 0.9], ["profissionais de saúde", 0.95], ["clubes", 0.9], ["atletas", 0.9], ["instituições", 0.9], ["adeptos de todo o mundo", 0.9], ["SAD alverquense", 0.95]]