<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "No domingo, Alex Apolinário sofreu uma paragem cardiorrespiratória durante o jogo Alverca - União de Almeirim, a contar para o Campeonato de Portugal."

Breaking it down, the main event here is Alex Apolinário having a cardiac arrest during a football match between Alverca and União de Almeirim, which is part of the Campeonato de Portugal.

Participants would include:

1. Alex Apolinário – the individual who suffered the cardiac arrest. Definitely a participant.
2. Alverca – one of the teams in the match. They are involved in the event.
3. União de Almeirim – the other team in the match. Also involved.
4. Campeonato de Portugal – the league the match is part of. It's the context for the event.
5. The game itself (jogo) – but the example didn't include the game as an entity, maybe because it's a general term. Wait, in the example, they included "o jogo" but maybe not here. Wait, the example input had "o jogo Alverca - União de Almeirim" and in the output, they included "Alverca", "União de Almeirim", and "Campeonato de Portugal". So maybe the teams and the league are the participants, not the game itself.

Wait, in the example output, they included "o jogo" as a participant? Let me check. The example input was about an emergency landing, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc. But in the example given, the output had "o jogo" as a participant? Wait, no, looking back, the example input was about the plane, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So in that case, the participants were the plane, the motor, the airport, the company, the police, etc.

In the current input, the main participants would be Alex Apolinário (the person who had the incident), the two teams (Alverca and União de Almeirim), and the Campeonato de Portugal (the league). The "jogo" (game) is the event, but maybe it's not an entity here. The example didn't include "o jogo" as a participant, but rather the teams and the league.

Also, "No domingo" is a time, not a participant. "Durante o jogo" is the context, but the teams are the participants. The league is part of the context but is a participant as it's the competition the game is part of.

So the entities would be:

- Alex Apolinário (confidence high, 0.95)
- Alverca (team, 0.9)
- União de Almeirim (team, 0.9)
- Campeonato de Portugal (league, 0.85)

Wait, but the example included "Lisboa" multiple times. So maybe locations are also participants if they are relevant. However, in this case, the location isn't mentioned explicitly except for the teams' names. The teams are in Portugal, but the league is Campeonato de Portugal. So maybe the league is a participant.

Are there any other entities? The text doesn't mention any organizations or other groups. The teams are the main participants in the event (the game), and the league is the context. Alex is the individual affected.

So the final list would be:

["Alex Apolinário", 0.95], ["Alverca", 0.9], ["União de Almeirim", 0.9], ["Campeonato de Portugal", 0.85]

I need to check if "jogo" is considered a participant. But in the example, they didn't include "o jogo" as an entity. The example input had "o jogo" but the output didn't list it. So maybe the game itself isn't considered a participant unless it's a specific entity. Since "jogo" here is just the event, not a named entity, it's probably not included. The teams and the league are the participants.
</think>

[["Alex Apolinário", 0.95], ["Alverca", 0.9], ["União de Almeirim", 0.9], ["Campeonato de Portugal", 0.85]]