<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each participant listed into one of the given classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, I'll look at the input sentence again to understand the context. The sentence says: "Um homem de 33 anos ficou em prisão preventiva por agredir física e psicologicamente a mãe, de 57, em Valongo, mesmo depois de estar proibido de contactar e estar perto dela, disse hoje a GNR do Porto." 

Translating that to English for clarity: "A 33-year-old man was placed in preventive custody for physically and psychologically abusing his mother, aged 57, in Valongo, even after being prohibited from contacting and being near her, said today the GNR of Porto."

Now, the participants to classify are: ["Um homem", "a mãe", "Valongo", "a GNR do Porto"].

Starting with "Um homem" – this translates to "A man." Since it's referring to a person, the class should be Person. 

Next, "a mãe" – "the mother." Again, this is a person, so Person as well.

"Valongo" is a place name. In the sentence, it's mentioned as the location where the abuse occurred. So, Valongo is a Location. But wait, the classes include Location, and the example had "Lisboa" classified as Pl_capital. However, the user instructions here don't specify subcategories like Pl_capital, just the main class. So Valongo is a Location.

Lastly, "a GNR do Porto" – GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is a Portuguese national police force. So this is an Organization. 

Wait, but in the example, "à agência Lusa" was classified as Org, and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as Org. So GNR is a police organization, so Org is correct.

Let me double-check each one again. "Um homem" – Person. "a mãe" – Person. "Valongo" – Location. "a GNR do Porto" – Organization. 

I don't see any other possible classifications here. The other classes like Object, Facility, etc., don't apply here. So the final classifications should be as above.
</think>

[["Um homem", "Per"], ["a mãe", "Per"], ["Valongo", "Loc"], ["a GNR do Porto", "Org"]]