<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about a police force seizing a certain amount of a mollusk. The participants to classify are "that police force", "cerastoderma edule", "cockle", and "a type of bivalve saltwater mollusk."

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier used "Obj" for objects, "Fac" for facilities, "Pl_capital" for locations like cities, "Org" for organizations, "Per" for persons, etc.

Starting with "that police force". A police force is typically an organization, so that's probably "Org".

Next, "cerastoderma edule" is a scientific name for a species of cockle. Since it's a biological term, it would fall under "Nature" or maybe "Object". But the example had "engine" as "Obj", so maybe biological entities are considered "Nature" here. Wait, the example had "engine" as "Obj", which is an object. But "cerastoderma edule" is a living organism, so maybe "Nature" is the right class here. However, I need to check if "Nature" is used for living things or if "Object" is for non-living. The example had "engine" as "Obj", which is a man-made object. So perhaps "Nature" is for natural entities like animals, plants, etc. So "cerastoderma edule" would be "Nature".

"Cockle" is a common name for the same mollusk. Since it's a type of bivalve, it's a living organism, so again "Nature".

The last one is "a type of bivalve saltwater mollusk." This is a description, not a specific entity. The example had "a stopped engine" as "Obj", so maybe this is also "Obj" because it's a category of objects. But wait, "bivalve saltwater mollusk" is a biological classification, so maybe "Nature" again. However, the phrase is a general description, not a specific entity. The example had "a stopped engine" as "Obj", so perhaps this is also "Obj".

Wait, but the example had "engine" as "Obj", and "a stopped engine" as "Obj". So maybe even if it's a description, if it's referring to an object, it's "Obj". However, "bivalve saltwater mollusk" is a biological term, so maybe "Nature". But the example had "cockle" as "Obj" in the previous example? Wait, no, in the previous example, the user's input had "cockle" as part of the participants, and the output was "Obj" for "cockle"? Wait, no, looking back at the example given by the user, the participants included "cockle" and in the output, "cockle" was classified as "Obj". Wait, no, in the example provided, the participants were ["Plane", "to engine", "A plane", "engine", "the aircraft", "a stopped engine", "The aircraft", "The plane", "airport", "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", "the airports", "Farnborough", "England", "Lisbon", "Lusa.", "a Public Security Police", "airline Jota Aviation", "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", "source", "the same source", "Lisbon", "website."], and the output for "cockle" wasn't there. Wait, the example given was different. Let me check again.

Wait, the user provided an example where the input was about a plane landing, and the participants included "cockle" in the current task. Wait, no, in the current task, the input is different. The current input is about police seizing cockles. The participants to classify here are "that police force", "cerastoderma edule", "cockle", and "a type of bivalve saltwater mollusk."

So, for "that police force" – police force is an organization, so "Org".

"cerastoderma edule" is a species, so "Nature".

"cockle" is a common name for the same mollusk, so "Nature" or "Obj"? In the example, "cockle" wasn't present, but if I think of "cockle" as a type of shellfish, which is a living organism, so "Nature".

"a type of bivalve saltwater mollusk." This is a description, but since it's a category of organisms, it's still "Nature". However, the example had "a stopped engine" as "Obj", which is a state of an object. So maybe this is "Obj" because it's a category of objects. But I'm a bit confused here. Alternatively, since it's a biological classification, "Nature" is more appropriate.

Wait, the classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Nature" would be for natural entities like animals, plants, etc. "Object" would be man-made or inanimate objects. So "cockle" is a living organism, so "Nature". The phrase "a type of bivalve saltwater mollusk" is a category of organisms, so "Nature".

So the classifications would be:

["that police force", "Org"], ["cerastoderma edule", "Nature"], ["cockle", "Nature"], ["a type of bivalve saltwater mollusk.", "Nature"]

But wait, the last one is a description, not a specific entity. However, in the example, "a stopped engine" was classified as "Obj". So maybe even if it's a description, if it refers to an object, it's "Obj". But "bivalve saltwater mollusk" is a biological term, so "Nature".

Alternatively, maybe "a type of bivalve saltwater mollusk" is an object because it's a category of things, but I'm not sure. The example had "engine" as "Obj", so maybe "bivalve saltwater mollusk" is also "Obj". But I think "Nature" is more accurate here. I'll go with "Nature" for all three, except "that police force" is "Org".
</think>

[["that police force", "Org"], ["cerastoderma edule", "Nature"], ["cockle", "Nature"], ["a type of bivalve saltwater mollusk.", "Nature"]]