<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Dirigente da Casa Branca desloca-se à Síria para tentar libertar cidadãos dos EUA". The participants to classify are ["Dirigente da Casa Branca", "Casa Branca", "Síria", "cidadãos dos EUA"]. 

First, I need to remember the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "Dirigente da Casa Branca". "Dirigente" means leader, and "Casa Branca" is the White House. So this is a person, specifically the leader of the White House, which is the President of the USA. So that should be "Person".

Next, "Casa Branca" is the White House, which is a facility, right? It's a building, a government facility. So "Facility".

"Síria" is Syria, a country. So that's a location, but in the classes, there's "Location" and "Pl_country" in the example. Wait, the example used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_country" as sub-classes under Location? Wait, the original classes given are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_country" as classes. Wait, that might be a mistake. Wait, looking back at the user's example, the classes are as listed, but in the output, they used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_country" as classes. But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe that's a typo in the example. Wait, the user provided an example where "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the classes given, "Location" is one of the classes. So perhaps the example is using more specific sub-classes, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Wait, the user says: "Classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other". So the example might have been incorrect, but the user wants us to use those main classes. However, in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_country", which are not in the main classes. That's confusing. Wait, maybe the user made a mistake in the example. But the task says to use the classes as listed. So perhaps the example is wrong, and we should follow the main classes. But the user's example output includes "Pl_capital" and "Pl_country" as classes, which are not in the main list. Hmm. This is conflicting. 

Wait, looking back at the user's message: the example output has entries like ["Lisboa", "Pl_capital"], but the classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So there's a discrepancy here. Maybe the user intended for "Pl_capital" and "Pl_country" to be sub-classes under Location. But the instruction says to use the main classes. However, the example uses those sub-classes. This is confusing. 

Wait, the user's instruction says: "Classify each of the participants... according to how it is used in the input. Classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other". So the example might have been a mistake. But the user provided that example. So perhaps the correct approach is to follow the example's classification, even if it's not matching the main classes. But that's conflicting. 

Alternatively, maybe the user intended that "Pl_capital" and "Pl_country" are part of the "Location" class. For example, "Lisboa" is a city (capital), so under "Location". But in the example, they used "Pl_capital" as the class. However, the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example is wrong, and we should use the main classes. 

But the user's example output includes "Pl_capital" and "Pl_country" as classes, which are not in the main list. This is a problem. However, the user might have made a mistake in the example. But since the user provided that example, perhaps we should follow it. But that's not clear. 

Alternatively, maybe the user intended that "Pl_capital" and "Pl_country" are part of the "Location" class. For example, "Lisboa" is a location (capital), so "Location". But in the example, it's classified as "Pl_capital". But the user's instruction says to use the main classes. 

This is a bit confusing. However, given that the user provided the example with those sub-classes, perhaps the correct approach is to follow that. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. This is conflicting. 

But since the user's example uses "Pl_capital" and "Pl_country", but the main classes don't include those, perhaps the user made a mistake. However, the task is to follow the classes as given. So maybe the example is incorrect, and we should use the main classes. 

In that case, for "Síria", which is a country, the class would be "Location". 

For "cidadãos dos EUA", which is citizens of the USA, that's a group of people, so "Person" (plural). 

Wait, but "cidadãos" is plural, but the class is "Person" (singular). However, in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" are classified as "Per", which is "Person". So even if it's plural, like "cidadãos", it's still "Person". 

So, putting it all together:

"Dirigente da Casa Branca" is a person (the leader), so "Person".

"Casa Branca" is a facility (the White House building), so "Facility".

"Síria" is a country, which is a location, so "Location".

"cidadãos dos EUA" are people, so "Person".

But in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the main classes, it should be "Location". However, the user's example might have used more specific sub-classes. But since the user's instruction says to use the main classes, I'll proceed with that. 

So the final classifications would be:

["Dirigente da Casa Branca", "Person"], ["Casa Branca", "Facility"], ["Síria", "Location"], ["cidadãos dos EUA", "Person"].
</think>

[["Dirigente da Casa Branca", "Person"], ["Casa Branca", "Facility"], ["Síria", "Location"], ["cidadãos dos EUA", "Person"]]