<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they belong to based on the input text. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let me start by reading the input again to understand the context.

The input is: "Um dirigente da Casa Branca fez uma visita secreta à Síria, para conversações de alto nível com vista à libertação de dois cidadãos dos EUA, dados como desaparecidos no país durante a guerra civil."

Participants to classify are:
["Um dirigente da Casa Branca", "Casa Branca", "Síria", "dois cidadãos dos EUA", "dos EUA", "EUA", "país"]

Let's go one by one.

1. "Um dirigente da Casa Branca": This translates to "A leader of the White House." The term "dirigente" is a person, and "da Casa Branca" refers to the White House. So the entity here is a person. But wait, the whole phrase is "Um dirigente da Casa Branca," which is a person (the leader) associated with the White House (an organization). However, the classification is for the entity itself. Since it's a person, the class should be Person. But wait, the phrase is "Um dirigente da Casa Branca" – the subject here is the person, so the class is Person.

2. "Casa Branca": This is the White House, which is a facility or a government building. So the class should be Facility.

3. "Síria": Syria is a country, which is a location. So the class is Location.

4. "dois cidadãos dos EUA": "Two citizens of the USA." Citizens are people, so this should be Person. But the phrase is plural, but the class is still Person.

5. "dos EUA": "of the USA." This is a possessive form, referring to the country. So the class is Location (since EUA is the country, but the possessive form might be considered as part of the country's name). However, the class for "dos EUA" might be Location, but I need to check if "dos EUA" is a proper noun. Since it's a possessive form of the country, it's still a location.

6. "EUA": This is the abbreviation for Estados Unidos da América, which is the USA. So this is a country, hence Location.

7. "país": This means "country" in Portuguese. It's a common noun, not a specific place. So the class would be Other, since it's a general term, not a specific location.

Wait, but the input mentions "no país" (in the country) referring to Syria. However, "país" here is used as a general term, not a specific place. So it's not a proper noun, hence Other.

Now, let me verify each classification again.

1. "Um dirigente da Casa Branca" – Person.
2. "Casa Branca" – Facility.
3. "Síria" – Location.
4. "dois cidadãos dos EUA" – Person.
5. "dos EUA" – Location (as it refers to the country).
6. "EUA" – Location.
7. "país" – Other.

I think that's correct. Let me check if any of these might be misclassified. For example, "Casa Branca" is definitely a facility. "Síria" is a country, so Location. "dos EUA" is a possessive form of the country, so Location. "EUA" is the country, Location. "país" is a common noun, so Other. The citizens are people, so Person. The dirigente is a person. Okay, that seems right.
</think>

[["Um dirigente da Casa Branca", "Per"], ["Casa Branca", "Fac"], ["Síria", "Pl_country"], ["dois cidadãos dos EUA", "Per"], ["dos EUA", "Pl_country"], ["EUA", "Pl_country"], ["país", "Other"]]