<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., mentioned or inferred.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is a Portuguese sentence about military personnel detecting an establishment operating with live music, which happened during a pandemic-related inspection. The source is a statement from the authority.

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "Avião", "o motor", "Um avião", etc., even repeating some. The confidence scores vary, so I need to assess each entity's relevance and certainty.

Starting with the input text: "Os militares detetaram que o estabelecimento estava a funcionar com música ao vivo, o que ocorreu 'na sequência de uma ação de fiscalização com vista ao cumprimento das normas referentes à pandemia covid-19', segundo um comunicado da autoridade."

Breaking it down:

1. "Os militares" – These are the military personnel conducting the inspection. They are definitely participants. Confidence high, maybe 0.95.

2. "o estabelecimento" – The establishment being inspected. Participant, confidence 0.9.

3. "música ao vivo" – Live music. This is an activity, not sure if it's a participant. Maybe not, since it's an action, not an entity. But the example included "o motor" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. Hmm, maybe "música ao vivo" is part of the establishment's operation, so maybe include it? But the example didn't include actions, just entities. Maybe not. Let me think again. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The live music is part of the establishment's activity, so maybe the establishment is the participant, not the music itself. So skip "música ao vivo".

4. "uma ação de fiscalização" – Inspection action. This is an event, not an entity. So probably not a participant.

5. "normas referentes à pandemia covid-19" – The regulations related to the pandemic. These are rules, not entities. So not a participant.

6. "um comunicado da autoridade" – The statement from the authority. The authority is an entity. So "a autoridade" would be the participant. Confidence 0.85.

7. "a autoridade" – Same as above. But in the example, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. So here, "a autoridade" is the authority, so that's a participant. Maybe "a autoridade" is the entity here. But the text says "segundo um comunicado da autoridade", so the authority is the source. So "a autoridade" is the participant. Confidence 0.85.

Wait, the example had "à agência Lusa", "a Polícia de Segurança Pública", etc. So in this case, "a autoridade" is the entity. But the text doesn't specify which authority, just "a autoridade". So maybe that's a participant, but the confidence might be lower if it's not specified. However, the user might expect it to be included regardless. So I'll include "a autoridade" with confidence 0.8.

Also, "os militares" is plural, but in the example, they included "Um avião" and "o avião" as separate entries. So maybe "Os militares" and "os militares" again if mentioned in different contexts. Wait, in the input, "Os militares" is mentioned once. So just "os militares" once. But the example had "Um avião", "o avião", etc. So maybe even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles, they are considered separate entries. So in this case, "os militares" is one entry, and "os militares" again if mentioned elsewhere. But in this input, it's only once.

So compiling the list:

- "os militares" (confidence 0.95)
- "o estabelecimento" (confidence 0.9)
- "a autoridade" (confidence 0.8)

Wait, but the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In the input, "segundo um comunicado da autoridade" – the authority is the source. So "a autoridade" is the participant here. But in the example, they included "fonte" as a participant. So maybe "a autoridade" is the participant, and "um comunicado da autoridade" is the communication, but the entity is the authority. So "a autoridade" is the participant.

Are there any other entities? Let me check again. The text mentions "a pandemia covid-19" – but that's a concept, not an entity. The example didn't include such terms. So probably not. "normas referentes à pandemia" – again, rules, not entities.

So the final list would be:

["os militares", 0.95], ["o estabelecimento", 0.9], ["a autoridade", 0.8]

But wait, the example had "Lisboa" multiple times. In this case, "Lisboa" isn't mentioned here. So maybe that's all. But let me check again for any other possible entities.

The input is: "Os militares detetaram que o estabelecimento estava a funcionar com música ao vivo, o que ocorreu 'na sequência de uma ação de fiscalização com vista ao cumprimento das normas referentes à pandemia covid-19', segundo um comunicado da autoridade."

No other entities. "música ao vivo" is an activity, not an entity. "ação de fiscalização" is an action. "normas" are rules. "pandemia covid-19" is a concept. "comunicado" is a document, but the authority is the entity. So the three entities are the ones listed above.

But wait, in the example, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. Here, "segundo um comunicado da autoridade" – the authority is the source. So "a autoridade" is the participant. But maybe "um comunicado da autoridade" is the communication, but the entity is the authority. So "a autoridade" is the participant.

Therefore, the final answer should be the three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["os militares", 0.95], ["o estabelecimento", 0.9], ["a autoridade", 0.8]]