<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "A proprietária, de 48 anos, foi identificada, tendo sido dada ordem para terminar o evento, resultando na elaboração de um auto de contraordenação."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are:

1. "A proprietária" – This is a person, the owner. She's directly involved as she was identified. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.
2. "a proprietária" – Same as above, just a different form. Should be included again with similar confidence.
3. "a ordem" – The order given to terminate the event. Since it's an action taken, maybe it's considered a participant. Confidence around 0.8.
4. "o evento" – The event itself, which is the subject here. It's impacted by the order. Confidence 0.85.
5. "o auto de contraordenação" – The administrative penalty resulting from the event. It's a document created, so maybe a participant. Confidence 0.75.

Wait, the example output included repeated entities. For instance, "Avião" and "o motor" appeared multiple times. So even if the same entity is mentioned in different forms, each occurrence should be listed separately with their own confidence.

In the input sentence, "A proprietária" is mentioned once, but in the output, "a proprietária" might be listed again. Let me check the example again. In the example, "Avião" and "o motor" are listed multiple times. So even if the same entity is referred to with different articles or forms, each instance is a separate entry.

So, in the given input, "A proprietária" is mentioned once, but in the output, "a proprietária" is listed again. Wait, the example output had "Avião", "o motor", "Um avião", etc. So different forms are considered separate entries. So in the current input, "A proprietária" and "a proprietária" might be considered different entries if they are in different forms. However, in the input, it's "A proprietária" and then later "a proprietária" (without the article). Wait, no, the input is "A proprietária, de 48 anos, foi identificada..." and then later "tendo sido dada ordem para terminar o evento...". There's no mention of "a proprietária" again. Wait, the input only mentions "A proprietária" once. So maybe the output would have "A proprietária" once. But the example had multiple instances even if they were the same entity. Hmm.

Wait, the example input had "Um avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So each time the entity is mentioned, even if it's the same entity, it's listed again. So in the current input, "A proprietária" is mentioned once, so that's one entry. But maybe "a proprietária" is another form? Wait, the input is "A proprietária, de 48 anos, foi identificada..." and then later "tendo sido dada ordem para terminar o evento..." There's no other mention of "a proprietária" in the input. So only "A proprietária" is present once. But the example output had multiple entries for the same entity. So maybe even if the same entity is mentioned once, it's listed once. Wait, the example input had "Um avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc., which are different mentions of the same entities. So perhaps each mention is considered a separate entry. But in the current input, "A proprietária" is mentioned once. So that's one entry. However, the example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So if the same entity is mentioned again in a different form, it's considered a separate entry. In the current input, "A proprietária" is mentioned once. So that's one entry. But maybe "a proprietária" is another form? Wait, the input is "A proprietária" (with "A" as the article) and then later "a proprietária" (with "a" as the article)? Let me check the input again. The input is: "A proprietária, de 48 anos, foi identificada, tendo sido dada ordem para terminar o evento, resultando na elaboração de um auto de contraordenação." So the only mention is "A proprietária". There's no "a proprietária" later. So only one mention. Therefore, the output should have ["A proprietária", 0.95], and maybe "o evento" and "o auto de contraordenação" as participants. Also, "a ordem" is mentioned as "tendo sido dada ordem", so "a ordem" is a participant. But the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So in this case, "a ordem" is a participant. So the output would be:

["A proprietária", 0.95], ["a ordem", 0.8], ["o evento", 0.85], ["o auto de contraordenação", 0.75]

But wait, the example output included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if the same location is mentioned multiple times, each occurrence is a separate entry. However, in the current input, "Lisboa" isn't mentioned. So in this case, the participants are "A proprietária", "a ordem", "o evento", and "o auto de contraordenação". Each with their confidence scores. But I need to check if "a ordem" is considered a participant. The definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. The order is an action taken, so maybe it's a participant. Alternatively, the authority that gave the order might be a participant. But in the input, the authority isn't mentioned. So "a ordem" is the action, but the entity giving the order isn't specified. So maybe "a ordem" is a participant. Alternatively, maybe not. Hmm. The example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants, which are sources of information. So in this case, "a ordem" is an action, but perhaps not an entity. Wait, the definition says participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. So "a ordem" is an abstract concept, not an entity. Therefore, maybe it's not a participant. Then, the participants would be "A proprietária", "o evento", and "o auto de contraordenação". But "o evento" is the event itself, which is impacted. The auto de contraordenação is a document created, so it's a participant. So the output would be:

["A proprietária", 0.95], ["o evento", 0.85], ["o auto de contraordenação", 0.75]

But I need to check if "a ordem" is considered a participant. The example included "fonte" as a participant, which is a source. In the current input, the authority that gave the order isn't mentioned, so "a ordem" is an action, not an entity. Therefore, perhaps it's not a participant. So the participants are the owner, the event, and the administrative penalty. So the final answer would be those three with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["A proprietária", 0.95], ["o evento", 0.85], ["o auto de contraordenação", 0.75]]