<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence in Portuguese: "A proprietária, de 48 anos, foi identificada, tendo sido dada ordem para terminar o evento, resultando na elaboração de um auto de contraordenação." The participants are "A proprietária", "o evento", and "o auto de contraordenação".

Starting with "A proprietária". The term "proprietária" translates to "owner" or "proprietor", which refers to a human individual. According to the classes, "Per" is for human individuals or divine entities. So this should be "Per" with high confidence, maybe 0.95.

Next, "o evento". An "evento" is an event. The classes don't have an explicit category for events, but looking at the examples, "Other" is used for entities that don't fit elsewhere. However, in the example provided earlier, "auto de contraordenação" was classified as "Obj" (object). Wait, but "evento" is more abstract. Wait, the classes include "Other" for things like "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt). But "evento" is an event, which might be considered an abstract concept. However, in the example given, "auto de contraordenação" was classified as "Obj" (object), which is a document or a legal document. So maybe "evento" here is an event, which might be considered as a "Other" since it's not a physical object, but the example might have different cases. Wait, looking back at the classes, "Other" includes entities that don't fit other categories. However, "evento" could be considered as a "Other" or maybe "Obj" if it's a tangible object. But "evento" is an abstract concept. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "evento" is a "Obj" if it's a specific event, but I'm not sure. Wait, the example given in the task had "auto de contraordenação" as "Obj", which is a document. So maybe "evento" here is an event, which is a concept, so "Other"? But the example might not have such a case. Alternatively, maybe "evento" is considered as a "Other" because it's not a physical object, but the user might expect "Other" here. However, the user's example had "auto de contraordenação" as "Obj", which is a document. So perhaps "evento" is an abstract event, which might be "Other". But I need to check the definitions again. The classes don't have a specific category for events. The "Other" class is for entities that don't fit into the other categories. So "evento" would be "Other" with confidence maybe 0.8.

Third, "o auto de contraordenação". An "auto de contraordenação" is a legal document issued by authorities, similar to a citation. In the example provided earlier, "auto de contraordenação" was classified as "Obj" (object), so I think that's correct here. So this should be "Obj" with high confidence, like 0.95.

Wait, but the user's example had "auto de contraordenação" as "Obj", so I should follow that. So "o auto de contraordenação" is "Obj".

So the classifications would be:

["A proprietária", "Per", 0.95], ["o evento", "Other", 0.8], ["o auto de contraordenação", "Obj", 0.95].

But I need to check if "evento" can be classified under any other category. The classes include "Pl_region", "Pl_capital", etc., but "evento" is not a place. "Obj" is for tangible manmade objects. An event is not a physical object, so "Other" is the right choice here. So yes, "Other" for "evento".
</think>

<Output>[["A proprietária", "Per", 0.95], ["o evento", "Other", 0.8], ["o auto de contraordenação", "Obj", 0.95]]</Output>