<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" is listed, but maybe that's a typo. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "to engine" and "engine" separately. But "to engine" doesn't make much sense as a participant. Maybe that's a mistake in the example, but I need to follow the given format strictly. The user might have included it because "engine" is part of the event, but "to engine" might be a fragment. Hmm, but the user's example includes it, so I have to be careful not to miss any parts that might be considered participants.

Now, looking at the input provided: "Following a tip, the Guard soldiers went to the location on Christmas Day where they found that the suspect had insulted and threatened to kill, using an ax and a knife, the 46-year-old mother and sister of 12 years", described that security force."

First, I need to identify all entities. Let's break down the sentence.

- "Guard soldiers" – this is a group, likely the military or security force. So "Guard soldiers" is a participant.
- "the location" – a place, but not sure if it's a participant. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The location is where the event happened, but maybe not a participant. However, sometimes locations are considered as participants if they are part of the event. But the example didn't include "airport" as a participant? Wait, in the example, "airport" was included. So maybe locations are included. Let me check the example again. The example output includes "airport", "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", etc. So yes, locations are included as participants.

So "the location" would be a participant here. But the input says "the location on Christmas Day". Wait, "Christmas Day" is a date, not a participant. The example included "Lisbon" as a participant, so maybe "Christmas Day" isn't a participant. But the example didn't include dates. So perhaps dates are not considered participants. So "the location" is a participant.

Next, "the suspect" – clearly a participant. The suspect is involved in the event.

"the 46-year-old mother and sister of 12 years" – these are individuals, so they are participants. The mother and sister are victims here.

"using an ax and a knife" – these are objects, not participants. The example didn't include objects like "engine" as participants. Wait, in the example, "engine" was included. Wait, the example input had "engine failure" and the output included "engine", "a stopped engine", etc. So maybe objects used in the event are considered participants. But in this case, the ax and knife are tools used by the suspect. The example included "engine" as a participant. So perhaps tools are considered participants. But the user's example includes "engine" as a participant. So maybe I should include "ax" and "knife" here.

Wait, but the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entities. So maybe the objects involved are participants. So "ax" and "knife" would be participants here.

Then, "the security force" – the description says "described that security force." So "security force" is a group, which is a participant.

Also, "Guard soldiers" are part of the security force. But in the input, "Guard soldiers" are mentioned as part of the security force. However, the example includes both "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entities. So maybe "Guard soldiers" and "security force" are both participants here.

Wait, the input says "the Guard soldiers went to the location... described that security force." So "security force" is the entity that described the event. So "security force" is a participant. Also, "Guard soldiers" are part of the security force, but they are mentioned as a group. So both "Guard soldiers" and "security force" might be separate participants.

Now, let's list all possible entities:

1. Guard soldiers – group, participant.
2. the location – place, participant.
3. the suspect – individual, participant.
4. the 46-year-old mother – individual, participant.
5. the sister of 12 years – individual, participant.
6. ax – object, participant (as per example).
7. knife – object, participant.
8. security force – group, participant.
9. Christmas Day – date, but the example didn't include dates, so maybe not.
10. the description – the security force described the event, but "description" isn't an entity. The example included "source" and "the same source", so maybe "security force" is the source here.

Wait, in the input, the sentence ends with "described that security force." So the security force is the one doing the describing. So "security force" is a participant here as the entity that described the event.

Now, checking for any other entities. The example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In this case, the security force is the source. So "security force" is a participant.

Now, the confidence levels. For each entity, I need to assign a confidence between 0 and 1. For example, "Guard soldiers" is clearly a group, so high confidence. "the suspect" is clearly a participant. The mother and sister are victims, so high confidence. The ax and knife are tools used, so maybe medium confidence. The location is a place, high confidence. The security force is a group, high confidence. "Christmas Day" is a date, not a participant, so maybe not included. "the 46-year-old mother and sister of 12 years" – the age and relation are descriptors, but the entities are the mother and sister. So "the 46-year-old mother" and "the sister of 12 years" are separate entities? Or combined as "the 46-year-old mother and sister of 12 years" as a single entity? The example had "the 46-year-old mother and sister of 12 years" as a single entity. Wait, in the example input, the output included "the 46-year-old mother and sister of 12 years" as a single entity. So in this case, the same applies. So the entire phrase is one entity.

So the entities would be:

- "Guard soldiers"
- "the location"
- "the suspect"
- "the 46-year-old mother and sister of 12 years"
- "ax"
- "knife"
- "security force"

Now, confidence levels. For "Guard soldiers" – high confidence (0.9). "the location" – high (0.9). "the suspect" – high (0.9). The mother and sister – high (0.9). "ax" and "knife" – maybe 0.7, as they are objects used. "security force" – high (0.9). 

Wait, the example included "engine" as 0.9, "a stopped engine" as 0.9, etc. So maybe for objects, the confidence is similar. So I'll assign 0.8 for ax and knife. 

So the final list would be:

[
  ["Guard soldiers", 0.9],
  ["the location", 0.9],
  ["the suspect", 0.9],
  ["the 46-year-old mother and sister of 12 years", 0.9],
  ["ax", 0.8],
  ["knife", 0.8],
  ["security force", 0.9]
]

But wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. In this case, the security force is the source. So "security force" is included. Also, the input says "described that security force." So the security force is the one doing the describing. So that's a participant.

I think that's all. Let me check again for any other possible entities. The input mentions "Christmas Day" but that's a date, not a participant. The example didn't include dates, so I'll skip that. The rest seems covered.
</think>

[["Guard soldiers", 0.9], ["the location", 0.8], ["the suspect", 0.9], ["the 46-year-old mother and sister of 12 years", 0.9], ["ax", 0.7], ["knife", 0.7], ["security force", 0.9]]