<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and provide them with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "In the presence of the military, he tried to escape, having been intercepted and detained." 

Breaking it down, the main event here is someone trying to escape but being intercepted and detained. The participants would be the people or groups involved in this event. 

Looking at the sentence, "the military" is mentioned first. That's a group, so they are definitely a participant. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95, since it's explicitly stated.

Then there's "he" – the person trying to escape. The pronoun "he" refers to an individual, but since the name isn't given, I might have to consider if "he" is a participant. However, the example in the task included "Plane" and "engine" as entities, even though they were not named. But in this case, "he" is a pronoun referring to a person, but without a name, maybe the confidence is lower. Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So maybe even pronouns or references without names are considered as entities. But the user's example output included "Plane" and "A plane" as separate entities. However, in the input sentence, "he" is a person, so maybe it's considered a participant. But since the name isn't given, perhaps the confidence is lower. Alternatively, maybe "he" is not considered a participant because it's just a pronoun without a specific entity. Hmm, this is a bit tricky.

Next, "intercepted and detained" – these are actions, but the entities performing them would be the military, since they are present. The person being intercepted is "he", so he is the one being detained. So "he" is a participant as the person being detained. But again, without a name, maybe the confidence is lower. However, in the example, "source" was included as an entity even though it's a role. So maybe "he" is considered an entity here. But the example also included "the same source" as a separate entity. So perhaps even pronouns or roles are considered participants. 

Wait, the definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities that are actively involved or impacted. So "he" is an individual involved (the one trying to escape and being detained). The military is a group involved. The actions are "intercepted and detained" but the entities doing the intercepting would be the military. So the participants are the military and "he". 

But in the example, "engine" was included as a participant. So maybe even objects or parts of the plane are considered participants. However, in this case, the actions are performed by the military and the person. 

So the participants would be "the military" and "he". However, the user's example included "source" as an entity. So maybe "he" is considered a participant here. 

But the problem is that "he" is a pronoun without a specific name. The confidence for "he" might be lower, like 0.7, because it's a pronoun and not a named entity. The military is clearly a group, so confidence 0.95. 

Wait, the example output included "the same source" as an entity. So even if it's a role or a reference, it's considered an entity. So maybe "he" is considered an entity here. 

Alternatively, maybe the user expects that "he" is not considered a participant because it's a pronoun and not a named entity. But the example included "source" as an entity. So perhaps even roles or pronouns are considered. 

I think in this case, the participants are "the military" and "he". So the JSON list would be:

[["the military", 0.95], ["he", 0.7]]

But I need to check if "intercepted and detained" are actions, but the entities involved are the military (performing the interception) and "he" (the one being intercepted). So yes, both are participants. 

Another thing to consider: the example included "engine" as a participant. So even if it's an object, it's considered. But in this case, the actions are done by the military and the person. So the answer should be those two entities.
</think>

[["the military", 0.95], ["he", 0.7]]