<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

First, I need to parse the input: "The objects used for the threats were seized", indicates the Guard, in a statement."

Looking at the sentence, the main entities here are "the objects", "the threats", "the Guard", and "a statement". Wait, but the Guard is mentioned as the one making the statement. The objects used for threats were seized, so the Guard is the entity involved here. The objects and threats are part of the event but are they participants? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The objects used for threats are part of the action (seized), so maybe they are participants. The threats themselves might be an action, but not an entity. The Guard is definitely a participant as they are the ones indicating the statement. The statement is a part of the Guard's action, but maybe not a separate entity. 

Wait, the example output included things like "a Public Security Police" and "source". So in the example, even if an entity is a role or a title, it's included. So in this case, "the Guard" is an entity. Also, "the objects used for the threats" – the objects are entities, but the phrase "used for the threats" might be a modifier. However, the user's example included "to engine" and "a stopped engine", which are parts of the event. So maybe "the objects" is a participant here. 

But the output example had "the same source" as a participant. So in this case, "the Guard" is the entity. Also, the "statement" is made by the Guard, but the statement itself is not an entity. The user's example included "Lusa." as a participant, which is a news agency. So in this case, "the Guard" is the entity. 

So the participants would be "the objects", "the threats", "the Guard", and "the statement"? Wait, but the statement is a noun here, but the Guard is the one making the statement. The example included "source" as a participant. So maybe "the Guard" is the participant, and "the statement" is part of their action. However, the user's example included "source" as a participant. So in the input, "the Guard" is the entity, and "the statement" is part of their action. But the example output included "source" as a participant. So in this case, "the Guard" is the participant. 

Wait, the input is: "The objects used for the threats were seized", indicates the Guard, in a statement."

So the Guard is the one indicating (i.e., making the statement). The objects used for the threats were seized. So the participants would be:

- The objects (used for threats) – but the phrase is "the objects used for the threats". So "the objects" is the entity, and "used for the threats" is a modifier. So "the objects" is a participant.

- The threats – but threats are an action, not an entity. Unless "threats" here refer to specific entities, but the sentence doesn't specify. So maybe not.

- The Guard – definitely a participant as the one making the statement.

- The statement – but the statement is made by the Guard, so maybe not a separate entity. However, in the example, "source" was included. So if the statement is an entity, but here it's "a statement" by the Guard. The example included "source" as a participant. So maybe "the Guard" is the participant, and "the statement" is not. 

Wait, the example output had "source" and "the same source" as participants. So in the input, "a Public Security Police source" is the entity. So in this case, "the Guard" is the entity. The statement is made by the Guard, but the statement itself is not an entity. So the participants are "the objects", "the Guard".

But wait, the objects were seized. So the action of seizing is done by someone. The sentence says "were seized", but the agent isn't mentioned. However, the Guard is indicating that the objects were seized. So maybe the Guard is the one who seized them, or another entity. But the sentence doesn't specify who seized them. So the participants would be the objects, the Guard, and the threats? Or maybe not the threats.

Alternatively, the threats are the reason for the seizure. But the threats themselves are not entities. So the main participants are "the objects" and "the Guard". The "Guard" is the one indicating the statement, and the objects are the ones that were seized. 

But the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So in this case, "the objects" and "the threats" might be considered as participants. However, "threats" is a noun here, but it's not clear if it's a specific entity. The user's example included "engine" as a participant even though it's part of the event. So maybe "the objects" and "the threats" are participants. But the sentence says "the objects used for the threats were seized", so the objects are the ones that were seized, and the threats are the reason. But the threats themselves may not be an entity. 

This is a bit ambiguous. However, following the example, even if the entity is part of the event, like "engine", it's included. So in this case, "the objects" and "the threats" might be included. Also, "the Guard" is definitely a participant. 

So the final list would be:

["the objects", 0.8], ["the threats", 0.6], ["the Guard", 0.9], ["statement", 0.5]. Wait, but the example didn't include "statement" as a participant. The example had "source" as a participant. So maybe "the Guard" is the participant, and "statement" is not. 

Alternatively, the "statement" is made by the Guard, but the statement itself is not an entity. So the participants are "the objects", "the Guard". 

But the example included "source" as a participant. So in the input, "the Guard" is the entity making the statement. So "the Guard" is the participant. 

So the answer would be:

[["the objects", 0.8], ["the Guard", 0.9]]

But I need to check if "the threats" is considered a participant. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The threats are the reason for the seizure, but they are not entities. Unless the threats are specific entities, but the sentence doesn't specify. So maybe "the threats" is not a participant. 

Therefore, the correct participants are "the objects" and "the Guard". The confidence for "the objects" might be lower if it's unclear, but the example included "engine" as a participant. So I think "the objects" is a participant here. 

So the final answer would be:

[["the objects", 0.8], ["the Guard", 0.9]]
</think>

[["the objects", 0.8], ["the threats", 0.6], ["the Guard", 0.9], ["statement", 0.5]]