<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, I'll look at the input sentence: "O alerta chegou às autoridades pelas 11:45 e a Polícia Judiciária foi já chamada a investigar, já que se trata de um caso da competência reservada daquele órgão de polícia criminal."

The participants to classify are ["autoridades", "a Polícia Judiciária", "daquele órgão de polícia criminal"].

Starting with "autoridades". In Portuguese, "autoridades" translates to "authorities," which is a general term for government officials or agencies. Since it's a collective term for people in positions of power, it might fall under "Organization" or "Other." But the classes don't have a "Government" category. The closest might be "Organization" if it's considered an entity, but sometimes "Other" is used for terms that don't fit neatly. However, in the example provided earlier, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was classified as "Org," so maybe "autoridades" is also an Organization here.

Next, "a Polícia Judiciária." This is a specific police force, the Judicial Police. Since it's an official organization, this should be "Organization" (Org).

Then, "daquele órgão de polícia criminal." "Órgão" means "office" or "agency," and "policia criminal" is criminal police. This refers to the same entity as "Polícia Judiciária," so it's also an Organization. However, the phrase is a bit more generic, but since it's referring to the same type of organization, it should still be "Org."

Wait, but the example had "fonte" (source) classified as "Per" (Person), but that was in a different context. Here, "autoridades" is plural, but the class might still be "Org" if it's considered a collective entity. Alternatively, if "autoridades" refers to individuals, it might be "Per," but in Portuguese, "autoridades" is more like a group or organization. So I think "Org" is correct here.

So the classifications would be:

["autoridades", "Org"], ["a Polícia Judiciária", "Org"], ["daquele órgão de polícia criminal", "Org"]

Wait, but the third one is a bit more descriptive. The phrase "daquele órgão de polícia criminal" is referring to the same organization as "Polícia Judiciária." So even though it's a longer phrase, it's still an organization. So all three should be "Org."

But let me double-check. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. "Autoridades" is a collective noun, so maybe "Other"? But in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was "Org," so similar here. I think "Org" is correct for all three.
</think>

<Output>[["autoridades", "Org"], ["a Polícia Judiciária", "Org"], ["daquele órgão de polícia criminal", "Org"]]</Output>