<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they belong to based on the input text. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let me start by reading the input again carefully.

The input is: "A 60-year-old man was in serious condition today after falling from a scaffold, about 'three to four meters' high, while working on a construction site in Ponte de Lima, said the local fire commander."

Participants to classify are: ["A 60-year-old man", "scaffold", "construction site", "Ponte de Lima", "local fire commander"]

Starting with "A 60-year-old man". This clearly refers to a person, so that's Person.

Next, "scaffold". A scaffold is an object used in construction, so that's Object.

"Construction site" – this is a place where construction work happens. The class for Facility might be appropriate here since it's a specific site, but sometimes Location could also be considered. However, in the example given earlier, "airport" was classified as Facility. So "construction site" is likely a Facility.

"Ponte de Lima" is a place name, specifically a city or town in Portugal. So that's a Location. Wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as Pl_capital, which is a type of Location. So here, Ponte de Lima is a Location, probably a town, so Location.

"Local fire commander" – this is a person's role, so that's a Person. The example had "source" classified as Per, which stands for Person. So "local fire commander" would be Person as well.

Wait, but in the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org. However, "local fire commander" is a title or role, not an organization. So that should be Person.

Let me double-check each one again:

- "A 60-year-old man" – Person
- "scaffold" – Object
- "construction site" – Facility
- "Ponte de Lima" – Location
- "local fire commander" – Person

That seems right. The example had "airport" as Facility, so "construction site" is similar. "Ponte de Lima" is a location, and the commander is a person. I think that's all.
</think>

[["A 60-year-old man", "Per"], ["scaffold", "Obj"], ["construction site", "Fac"], ["Ponte de Lima", "Loc"], ["local fire commander", "Per"]]