<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence from a news article, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified categories. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

First, I'll look at the input sentence: "To Lusa, a source from the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS) said that the alert was given at around 10:33." The participants to classify are ["Lusa,", "a source", "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)"].

Starting with "Lusa,". From the example provided earlier, "Lusa." was classified as an Organization. Lusa is a news agency in Portugal, so it's likely an organization here. The comma might be a typo, but the entity is "Lusa," so I should keep it as is. So, "Lusa," would be "Org".

Next, "a source". In the example, "source" and "the same source" were classified as "Per" (Person). However, "source" can sometimes be ambiguous. If the source is a person, then it's Person. But if it's an organization or another entity, it might be different. Here, the source is from the District Relief Operations Command, which is an organization. However, the term "source" itself refers to the person providing the information. In the example, "source" was classified as "Per", so I think that applies here. So "a source" would be "Per".

Lastly, "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)". This looks like the name of an organization. The acronym CDOS is in parentheses, which is common for organizations. In the example, "Public Security Police" was classified as "Org", so this should be "Org" as well.

Wait, but the example had "a Public Security Police" as "Org". So, even with the article "a", it's still an organization. So "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" is an organization. 

So putting it all together:

- "Lusa," → Org
- "a source" → Per
- "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" → Org

I need to make sure there are no other classifications. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. None of the other classes seem to fit here. "Lusa" is an organization, "source" is a person, and the command is an organization. That should cover all three.
</think>

[["Lusa,", "Org"], ["a source", "Per"], ["District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)", "Org"]]