<think>
Okay, let's see. The task is to extract all participants from the given input text. The example provided shows that participants are entities like people, organizations, places, etc., mentioned in the text. The output is a JSON array of strings.

Looking at the input: "According to a source from the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS) of Viana do Castelo, the death was declared at the scene by the helicopter doctor from the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM), called to the scene."

First, I need to identify all the participants. Let's break it down.

1. "a source from the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS) of Viana do Castelo" – Here, "source" is a participant, and "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" is an organization. Also, "Viana do Castelo" is a place.

2. "the helicopter doctor from the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)" – "helicopter doctor" is a person or role, and "National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)" is an organization.

3. "called to the scene" – This might refer to the helicopter doctor or INEM, but "called to the scene" is an action, not a participant. So maybe not included.

So the participants would be:

- "source"
- "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)"
- "Viana do Castelo"
- "helicopter doctor"
- "National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)"

Wait, but in the example, they included things like "a Public Security Police" as a participant. So maybe the full names of organizations are included. Also, "the same source" was in the example. So in this case, "a source" and "the same source" would be separate entries if they appear multiple times. But in this input, "source" is mentioned once as "a source from..." and then later "the same source" isn't present here. So just "source" once.

Also, "helicopter doctor" is a role, so that's a participant. The organizations are CDOS and INEM. The place is Viana do Castelo.

Wait, but in the example, "the airports" was included. So maybe any noun phrases that are participants, including organizations, people, places, etc.

So compiling the list:

["source", "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)", "Viana do Castelo", "helicopter doctor", "National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)"]

Wait, but in the example, they included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. So the full name of the organization, including the article "a" or "the" if present. But in the input here, it's "a source from..." so "source" is the participant, and "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" is the organization. But in the example, "a Public Security Police" was included. So maybe the entire noun phrase, including articles and prepositions, is considered. Wait, but in the example, "a Public Security Police" is included, but in the input, it's "a source from..." so "source" is included. Hmm, maybe the example is a bit inconsistent, but perhaps the instruction is to extract all noun phrases that are participants, regardless of articles.

Alternatively, maybe the example includes the full noun phrases. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "a Public Security Police", "the same source", "Lusa.", etc. So they include the articles and prepositions. So in the current input, "a source from..." would be "a source" as a participant. But in the example, "a Public Security Police" is included. However, in the example output, "a Public Security Police" is present, but "the same source" is also present. So maybe the exact phrases are extracted, including articles and prepositions.

Wait, the example input had "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So the output includes "a Public Security Police" and "the same source". So the exact phrases are taken, including articles and prepositions. Therefore, in the current input, "a source from the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS) of Viana do Castelo" would be split into "a source" and "the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" and "Viana do Castelo" as separate entries. Wait, but in the example, "the airports" was included. So perhaps the noun phrases are extracted, even if they are part of a larger phrase.

Alternatively, maybe the participants are the entities, regardless of the surrounding text. So "source" is a participant, "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" is an organization, "Viana do Castelo" is a place, "helicopter doctor" is a role, and "National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)" is an organization.

But in the example, they included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe the exact noun phrases are extracted. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "the airports", etc. So the exact phrases are taken. So in the current input, "a source from the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS) of Viana do Castelo" would have "a source", "the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)", "Viana do Castelo". Then "the helicopter doctor from the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)" would be "the helicopter doctor", "the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)".

So the output list would be:

["a source", "the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)", "Viana do Castelo", "the helicopter doctor", "the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)"]

But wait, the example includes "Lusa." with a period. So maybe the exact phrases, including any punctuation. So in the current input, "called to the scene" is not a participant. The participants are the entities mentioned. Also, "the death" is an event, not a participant. So the participants are the entities involved, like the source, the organizations, the helicopter doctor, etc.

So the final list would be:

["a source", "the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)", "Viana do Castelo", "the helicopter doctor", "the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)"]

But in the example, "the same source" is included. However, in this input, "the same source" is not present. So only "a source" is included once.

Also, in the example, "Lusa." is included with a period. So maybe the exact phrases, including any punctuation attached. So in the current input, "the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)" is included as is, with the parentheses and abbreviation.

Therefore, the correct output should be the list of these exact phrases.
</think>

["a source", "the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)", "Viana do Castelo", "the helicopter doctor", "the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)"]