<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input mentions a source from the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS) in Viana do Castelo. Then, a helicopter doctor from the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM) declared a death at the scene.

Looking at the participants list: 

1. "a source" – This is likely a person since it's referred to as "source" and the helicopter doctor is a person. But wait, the source is from CDOS, which is an organization. However, the term "source" here might refer to a person, like a spokesperson. But the example given in the task had "source" classified as "Per" (Person). So maybe "a source" is a person.

2. "the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" – This is an organization's name. The example had "Public Security Police" as an organization, so CDOS should be Org.

3. "Viana do Castelo" – This is a place, specifically a city in Portugal. The example had "Lisbon" as a capital, so here it's a city, which would be a location. The class "Location" is one of the options, so maybe "Pl_civil" or "Pl_capital"? Wait, the example had "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital", but Viana do Castelo is a city, not a capital. Hmm, the classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. Wait, the example output used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" as subtypes under Location? Wait, looking back at the example output, the classes were like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", "Pl_country", etc. Wait, the original classes given are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example output, they used codes like "Pl_capital" which might be a mistake. Wait, the user provided an example output where "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", but the classes listed are "Location". Maybe the user made a mistake in the example, but the actual classes to use are the ones listed: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Wait, the example output has entries like "Pl_capital", which isn't in the original class list. That's confusing. Wait, the user's example output included classes like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", "Pl_country", "Org", "Per", "Fac", etc. But the original classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example used a different classification system, but the user now wants us to use the original classes. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example output, they used codes like "Pl_capital", which might be a mistake. However, the user's example output might have been a mistake, but the current task is to follow the classes as listed. Wait, the user's example output shows that "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", but the correct class according to the given list would be "Location". However, the user might have intended that "Pl_capital" is a subcategory under "Location", but the instruction says to use the classes as given. This is conflicting. Wait, the user's example output might be incorrect, but the current task is to follow the classes as listed. Let me check again.

The user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the possible classes are those seven. However, in the example output, they used codes like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", etc., which are not in the list. That seems like a mistake. But maybe the user intended that "Pl_capital" is part of the "Location" class. However, the user's example might have been a mistake, and the correct approach is to use the classes as listed. Therefore, "Viana do Castelo" would be "Location".

Wait, but the example output had "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital", which is a sub-type of Location. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. This is confusing. However, the user's example output might have been a mistake, and the correct classes are the ones listed. Therefore, I should use the classes as given: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

So, proceeding with that:

"a source" – Person (Per) because it's a person providing information.

"the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" – Organization (Org).

"Viana do Castelo" – Location (Loc), since it's a city.

"the helicopter doctor" – Person (Per), as a doctor is a person.

"the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)" – Organization (Org).

Wait, but in the example, "Public Security Police" was classified as Org, so similar here, CDOS and INEM are organizations.

So the final classifications would be:

["a source", "Per"], ["the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)", "Org"], ["Viana do Castelo", "Loc"], ["the helicopter doctor", "Per"], ["the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)", "Org"].

But wait, the user's example output had "Lusa." as "Org", which is an organization. So "INEM" is an organization. The helicopter doctor is a person. The source is a person. Viana do Castelo is a location. The District Relief Operations Command is an organization. So that's the classification.
</think>

[["a source", "Per"], ["the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)", "Org"], ["Viana do Castelo", "Loc"], ["the helicopter doctor", "Per"], ["the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)", "Org"]]