<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other.

First, let's look at the input sentence: "O gabinete dos procuradores no estado de Sonora (norte) disseram que os rapazes tinham 3,7 e 8 anos." Translating that to English might help: "The prosecutors' office in the state of Sonora (north) said that the boys were 3.7 and 8 years old." Wait, 3.7 years old? That seems odd. Maybe it's a typo, but I'll focus on the entities.

Participants to classify are: ["gabinete dos procuradores", "estado de Sonora (norte)", "os rapazes"].

Starting with "gabinete dos procuradores". "Gabinete" translates to "office" or "cabinet", and "procuradores" are prosecutors. So "gabinete dos procuradores" would be the prosecutors' office. That sounds like an Organization or a Facility. But in the example given earlier, "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was classified as "Fac" (Facility). However, "gabinete" might be more of an organization, like a government office. But in the example, "aeroporto" was a facility. Hmm. Wait, the classes are: Organization, Facility. So maybe "gabinete dos procuradores" is an Organization. But sometimes, government offices can be considered facilities. But in the example, "aeroporto" was a facility. Let me think. The example had "aeroporto" as "Fac", so maybe "gabinete" here is an Organization. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, if it's a specific building, it's a facility. But the term "gabinete" might refer to the group of people, like the office as an organization. So I'll go with Organization.

Next, "estado de Sonora (norte)". "Estado" is state, and "Sonora" is a state in Mexico. The "(norte)" might be indicating the northern part. So "estado de Sonora" is a Location. The parentheses might be additional info, but the main entity is the state. So "Location" class. In the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but here "estado" is a state, which is a type of Location. So "Location".

Third participant: "os rapazes". That's "the boys", which are people. So "Person" class. In the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person), so "os rapazes" would be "Person".

Wait, but the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "os rapazes" are people, so "Person". "gabinete dos procuradores" is an organization. "estado de Sonora (norte)" is a Location. That seems right.

Let me check again. The example had "aeroporto" as "Fac" (Facility), so "gabinete" might be an organization. "estado" is a location. "os rapazes" are people. So the classifications would be:

["gabinete dos procuradores", "Org"], ["estado de Sonora (norte)", "Loc"], ["os rapazes", "Per"].

I think that's correct. Let me make sure there's no other possible classifications. "gabinete" could be a facility if it's a building, but without more context, "Organization" seems safer. "estado" is definitely a location. "os rapazes" are people. So the final answer should be those three classifications.
</think>

<Output>[["gabinete dos procuradores", "Org"], ["estado de Sonora (norte)", "Loc"], ["os rapazes", "Per"]]</Output>