<think>
Okay, let's see. The task is to extract all participants from the given input text. The example provided shows that participants are entities like people, organizations, places, etc. So I need to identify all such entities in the input.

The input here is: "According to a source from the Viseu GNR Territorial Command, the man had "fallen from the side of the road into the river" - a fall of around two meters."

First, I'll look for proper nouns and named entities. The phrase "Viseu GNR Territorial Command" seems like an organization or a specific command. "GNR" is likely the Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is a Portuguese police force. So "Viseu GNR Territorial Command" is a participant here.

Then there's "a source" mentioned, which is a participant. The source is from the Viseu GNR Territorial Command, but the source itself is an entity. However, in the example, they included "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as participants. So "a source" might be included as "a source" and "the same source" if they refer to the same entity. But in this case, it's just "a source" once.

The man who fell is another participant. The example included "the man" as a participant. So "the man" should be included here.

Other parts like "the side of the road", "the river", "a fall" are not participants. They are events or locations, but not entities. "Viseu" is a place, but in the example, "Lisbon" was included as a participant. However, in the input, "Viseu" is part of the organization's name. Wait, in the example, "Humberto Delgado Airport" was included as a participant, and "Lisbon" as well. So places are included if they are proper nouns. "Viseu" is a city, so it should be included as a participant.

Wait, but in the example, "Lisbon" was included twice. Let me check the example again. The example output has "Lisbon" appearing multiple times. So even if a place is mentioned multiple times, each occurrence is listed. So in this input, "Viseu" is a place, so it should be included.

But the input here is "Viseu GNR Territorial Command". So "Viseu" is part of the organization's name. However, in the example, the full name of the airport was included, like "Humberto Delgado Airport", and also "Lisbon" as a separate entry. So maybe "Viseu" is a participant as a place, and "Viseu GNR Territorial Command" as an organization.

So participants would be:

- "a source"
- "Viseu GNR Territorial Command"
- "the man"
- "Viseu"

Wait, but in the example, "the airports" was included. So if there's a plural, it's included as is. Here, "the man" is singular. Also, "Viseu" is a place, so it's a participant.

But the input says "from the Viseu GNR Territorial Command", so the command is an organization. So "Viseu GNR Territorial Command" is a participant. Also, "Viseu" is a location, so it's a participant. The source is from that command, but "a source" is a participant. The man is another participant.

So the output list would be:

["a source", "Viseu GNR Territorial Command", "the man", "Viseu"]

Wait, but in the example, "the same source" was included. However, in this input, there's only "a source" once. So that's just "a source".

I need to make sure I'm not missing any other entities. The river is mentioned, but "the river" is a general term, not a specific name, so it's not a participant. The fall is an event, not a participant. The numbers like "two meters" are not participants.

So the final list should be the four items I mentioned.
</think>

["a source", "Viseu GNR Territorial Command", "the man", "Viseu"]