<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "We are still trying to understand the context," he added." And the participants to classify are ["We", "he"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Wait, the example given in the task had some subcategories like Pl_capital or Pl_civil, but looking back, the main classes are the ones listed. Wait, in the example output, they used things like "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" under the main classes. Wait, maybe the user made a mistake in the example? Let me check the example again.

In the example, for "Lisbon", the class was "Pl_capital", and "Farnborough" was "Pl_civil". But the main classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So perhaps the example used more specific subcategories under Location, like Pl_capital (capital city), Pl_civil (civil place?), but the user might have intended that. However, the instructions here say to use the main classes. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the main classes are those. But in the example, they used "Pl_capital" which isn't listed here. That might be an error. Wait, maybe the user made a mistake in the example. But the user's current task says to use the classes as listed. So perhaps the example is incorrect, but I should follow the given classes.

Wait, the example output has entries like "Lisbon", "Pl_capital" but the classes listed are "Location". So maybe the example is wrong, but the user wants us to use the main classes as given. Let me check the user's instruction again.

The user says:

"Classify each of the participants listed under "Participants to classify", according to how it is used in the input.

Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the classes are the main ones. The example might have used more specific subcategories, but perhaps that's a mistake. However, the user's current task might not require that. So for the current input, I should use the main classes.

Now, looking at the participants to classify: ["We", "he"].

First, "We" – in the sentence, "We are still trying to understand the context," he added." The "We" here is likely referring to the speaker and others, but since it's in quotes, it's probably the speaker's group. However, in the context of classification, "We" is a pronoun referring to a person or people. Since the user is asking to classify as Person, Organization, etc., "We" would be a Person (assuming it's a person or group of people). But if "We" is used as a collective noun, maybe it's an Organization? Wait, but the example had "source" classified as "Per" (Person), so "he" is a person. So "We" would be a Person as well.

Then "he" – clearly refers to a male person, so Person.

So the classifications would be:

["We", "Person"], ["he", "Person"]

But wait, the example had "source" as "Per" (Person) and "the same source" as "Per". So "he" is a person. Therefore, the answer should be both as Person.
</think>

[["We", "Person"], ["he", "Person"]]