<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "De acordo com a mesma fonte, um dos suspeitos tinha na sua posse um carregador com várias munições quando foi detido."

Participants to classify are: ["a mesma fonte", "um dos suspeitos", "um carregador", "várias munições"]

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had some specific classifications, like "Pl_capital" for cities, but maybe in this case, the classes are more general. Wait, looking back at the example output, they used "Pl_capital" for Lisboa, which is a location. But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Maybe the example used more specific subcategories, but the user's current task uses the broader classes. Wait, the example output had entries like "Pl_capital" but the classes listed here are different. Hmm, maybe there's a discrepancy. Wait, the user's initial instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example, they used "Pl_capital" which might be a typo or a different categorization. However, the user's current task might be using the same classes as the example, but perhaps the example had some subcategories. Wait, the user's instruction says to use the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So I should stick to those.

So, for each participant:

1. "a mesma fonte" – in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person). But here, "fonte" might be a source, which could be a person or an organization. However, in the previous example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person). But in the current sentence, "a mesma fonte" refers to a source mentioned earlier, which could be a person or an organization. However, in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per", so maybe here it's also a person. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. Wait, the example output had "fonte" as "Per" and "a mesma fonte" as "Per". So I'll follow that.

2. "um dos suspeitos" – "suspeitos" are people under suspicion, so that's a Person.

3. "um carregador" – a carregador is a charger, which is an object. So Object.

4. "várias munições" – munições are bullets or ammunition, which are objects. So Object.

Wait, but "munições" could be considered as a category, but in the context, they are physical items, so Object. 

So the classifications would be:

["a mesma fonte", "Per"], ["um dos suspeitos", "Per"], ["um carregador", "Obj"], ["várias munições", "Obj"]

But need to check if "munições" is considered an object. Since it's physical items, yes. So that's correct.
</think>

[["a mesma fonte", "Per"], ["um dos suspeitos", "Per"], ["um carregador", "Obj"], ["várias munições", "Obj"]]