<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "Viana do Castelo court sentences man who shot another man to 12 years in prison". The participants to classify are ["Viana do Castelo court", "man who shot another man", "another man", "prison"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier used some specific subcategories like Pl_capital, Pl_civil, etc., but maybe those are part of the class names. Wait, in the example output, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which might be a sub-type under Location. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example, they used more specific labels like "Pl_capital" and "Org". Hmm, maybe the example had some additional subcategories, but the user's current instruction says to use the main classes. Wait, looking back at the user's message:

The classes are listed as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. However, in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" which might be specific to the example. But the user's current task might not require those subcategories. Wait, maybe the example was from a different setup. Let me check the user's exact instructions again.

The user says: "Classify each of the participants listed under 'Participants to classify', according to how it is used in the input. Classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other."

So the main classes are those seven. However, in the example, they used "Pl_capital" which might be a mistake or part of a different classification system. But the user's current task probably wants the main classes. However, looking at the example output, they have entries like "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital" and "Farnborough" as "Pl_civil", which might be specific to that example. But the user's current instruction might not require that. Wait, maybe the user is using a different classification system where "Pl_capital" is a sub-type of Location. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, so perhaps the example was a mistake. But the user is asking for the same classification as in the example. Wait, the example output includes "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" which are not in the main classes. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Maybe the example was using a different setup, but the user's current task is to follow the main classes. However, the user's example output includes "Pl_capital", which is confusing. Let me check again.

Wait, the user provided an example where the output had entries like "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital", which might be a typo or a specific code. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, perhaps the example is incorrect, and the user wants the main classes. However, the user's example output includes "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" which are not in the main classes. This is conflicting. But the user's current task is to follow the classes as given: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example was using a different system, but the user wants the main classes now. Alternatively, maybe "Pl_capital" is a sub-type of Location. But the user's instruction says to use the main classes. This is a bit confusing. However, given the example, perhaps the user expects that "Lisbon" is classified as a Location, and "Farnborough" as a Location as well. But in the example, "Farnborough" was classified as "Pl_civil", which might be a mistake. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, I should proceed with the main classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other.

Now, let's go back to the current input. The participants to classify are:

1. "Viana do Castelo court"
2. "man who shot another man"
3. "another man"
4. "prison"

Let's analyze each one.

1. "Viana do Castelo court": This is a court located in Viana do Castelo. Courts are facilities, so this would be a Facility. However, "Viana do Castelo" is a city in Portugal, so the court is a facility located in that city. So the classification here would be Facility.

2. "man who shot another man": This refers to a person. The phrase is a noun phrase describing a person, so this is a Person.

3. "another man": Also refers to a person, so Person.

4. "prison": A prison is a facility, so Facility.

Wait, but "prison" is a facility. So the classifications would be:

["Viana do Castelo court", "Fac"], ["man who shot another man", "Per"], ["another man", "Per"], ["prison", "Fac"].

But I need to check if "Viana do Castelo court" is a Facility. Yes, courts are facilities. So that's correct. "Prison" is a facility. The two men are persons. So the output should be as above.
</think>

[["Viana do Castelo court", "Fac"], ["man who shot another man", "Per"], ["another man", "Per"], ["prison", "Fac"]]