<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they fit into based on the definitions provided.

Starting with "the man". The classes are Per, Org, Obj, Nat, etc. Since "the man" refers to a human individual, that's clearly a Per. Confidence should be high here, maybe 0.95.

Next, "military personnel". This is a group of people, so they would fall under Org. Military units are organizations. Confidence around 0.9.

"Estremoz Territorial Detachment" sounds like a specific military unit or department. That's an organization, so Org. Confidence 0.95.

"Vila Viçosa Court" is a court, which is a facility. So Fac. Confidence 0.9.

"The same source" refers to a previous mentioned source, likely an organization or person. In the example given earlier, "source" was classified as Per, but here it's "the same source". Wait, in the example, "source" was Per, but maybe in this case, if it's an organization, it would be Org. Wait, the original example had "a Public Security Police" as Org, and "source" as Per. But here, "the same source" might be referring to an organization. Hmm, need to check. If the source is an organization, then Org. If it's a person, then Per. The original input says "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So "source" there was a person, hence Per. But in this case, "the same source" might be the same as that, so Per. But maybe in this case, the source is an organization. Wait, the input here is "According to the same source..." which could be a news organization or a person. But without more context, it's ambiguous. However, in the previous example, "source" was classified as Per. So maybe here it's also Per. But I need to be careful. Alternatively, if the source is an organization, like a news agency, then Org. But the original example had "Lusa." as Org. So maybe "the same source" here is referring to an organization. Wait, the original example's input had "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So the source was a person (Per), and Lusa was an Org. So in this case, "the same source" would be the same as that person, hence Per. So I'll go with Per here, confidence 0.85.

Wait, but the user's example output for "source" was Per. So in this case, "the same source" would also be Per. So that's consistent. So I think that's the right classification.
</think>

<Output>[["the man", "Per", 0.95], ["military personnel", "Org", 0.9], ["Estremoz Territorial Detachment", "Org", 0.95], ["Vila Viçosa Court", "Fac", 0.9], ["the same source", "Per", 0.85]]</Output>