<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "According to the same source, the man was detained by military personnel from the Estremoz Territorial Detachment on Saturday and will be presented to the Vila Viçosa Court on Monday for first interrogation and possible application of coercive measures."

Breaking it down, the main event here is the detention of a man by military personnel. The participants would include the man, the military personnel, the Estremoz Territorial Detachment, the Vila Viçosa Court, and possibly the source mentioned earlier. 

Starting with "the man" – that's a clear participant, the victim or subject here. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95. Then "military personnel" – they are the ones detaining him, so they are participants. The Estremoz Territorial Detachment is the group the military personnel belong to, so that's another entity. The Vila Viçosa Court is where he's being presented, so that's a participant too. The "source" is mentioned in the first part of the example, but here it's referred to as "the same source." Since the source is a participant in the previous context, I should include it again here with the same confidence as before, maybe 0.85. 

Wait, but the example output included "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. So in this case, "the same source" would be another mention of the source, so I should list both "source" and "the same source" with their respective confidence. However, in the current input, the source is only mentioned as "the same source," so maybe I should check if "source" was previously mentioned. Since the example's input had "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source," here the input starts with "According to the same source," so "the same source" is a participant. But if the original source wasn't named, maybe it's just referred to as "source" in the previous context. However, in this input, the source isn't explicitly named again, so maybe "the same source" is the only mention here. But the example output included both "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. So I need to check if "source" is present in the current input. Wait, the input here starts with "According to the same source," so "the same source" is the entity here. But if in the previous context (like the example's input), "source" was mentioned as "a Public Security Police source," then "the same source" would refer back to that. However, in the current input, the source isn't explicitly named again. So maybe "the same source" is a participant, but since it's not named, the confidence might be lower. But the example output included "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. So perhaps even if the source isn't named, we still include it as "source" with a lower confidence. Wait, in the example input, the source was "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source," so both were included. In the current input, the source is only mentioned as "the same source," so maybe that's the only mention. However, the user's example output included "source" and "the same source" as separate entries. So perhaps even if the source is referred to as "the same source," we should list it as "the same source" with a confidence. But in the current input, there's no explicit name for the source, so maybe the confidence is lower. Alternatively, maybe "source" is a participant here, but since it's not named, the confidence is lower. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. Let me check the example again. In the example input, the source was "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source," so both were included. In the current input, the source is only mentioned as "the same source," so I should include "the same source" as a participant. But if there's no prior mention, maybe the confidence is lower. However, the example output included "source" and "the same source" even if the source wasn't explicitly named. Wait, in the example input, the source was explicitly named as "a Public Security Police source," so that's why both "source" and "the same source" were included. In the current input, the source is referred to as "the same source," but the original source might not be named. However, the user's instruction says participants can be inferred from context. So if "the same source" refers to a previously mentioned source, even if not named here, it's still a participant. But since the current input doesn't name the source, maybe the confidence is lower. However, the example output included "source" even when it was not explicitly named. Wait, in the example input, the source was explicitly mentioned as "a Public Security Police source," so that's why "source" and "the same source" were included. In the current input, the source is only referred to as "the same source," so maybe it's a participant. But without knowing the original source's identity, perhaps the confidence is lower. Alternatively, maybe "the same source" is considered a participant even if it's not named. So I should include "the same source" with a confidence, say 0.7. 

Other participants: "military personnel from the Estremoz Territorial Detachment" – the Estremoz Territorial Detachment is an organization, so that's a participant. The Vila Viçosa Court is another participant. The man is a participant. The "coercive measures" might be a legal term, but not an entity. "First interrogation" is an action, not an entity. 

So compiling the list:

- "the man" (confidence 0.95)
- "military personnel" (confidence 0.9)
- "Estremoz Territorial Detachment" (confidence 0.9)
- "Vila Viçosa Court" (confidence 0.9)
- "the same source" (confidence 0.7)

Wait, but the example output included "source" and "the same source" as separate entries. In the current input, the source is only mentioned as "the same source," so maybe "the same source" is the only one here. But if the original source was mentioned in a previous context (like the example's input), then "source" would be included. However, in the current input, the user hasn't provided prior context. Wait, the user's input is a standalone sentence. So the input is: "According to the same source, the man was detained by military personnel from the Estremoz Territorial Detachment on Saturday and will be presented to the Vila Viçosa Court on Monday for first interrogation and possible application of coercive measures."

In this case, "the same source" refers to a source mentioned earlier, but since this is a standalone input, we don't have that prior context. However, the task says participants can be inferred from the context. So "the same source" is a participant, even if it's not named. But without knowing the original source's identity, the confidence might be lower. However, the example output included "source" even when it was not explicitly named. Wait, in the example input, the source was explicitly named as "a Public Security Police source," so "source" and "the same source" were included. In the current input, the source is only referred to as "the same source," so maybe it's a participant. But without prior context, it's unclear. However, the user's instruction says that participants can be inferred from context. So even if the source isn't named, "the same source" is a participant. So I should include "the same source" with a confidence, say 0.7.

So the final list would be:

["the man", 0.95], ["military personnel", 0.9], ["Estremoz Territorial Detachment", 0.9], ["Vila Viçosa Court", 0.9], ["the same source", 0.7]

I need to check if there are any other entities. The "coercive measures" and "first interrogation" are actions, not entities. The days (Saturday, Monday) are time references, not participants. The court is an organization, so that's included. The Estremoz Territorial Detachment is an organization. The man is an individual. The military personnel are agents. The source is a participant. So that's all.
</think>

[["the man", 0.95], ["military personnel", 0.9], ["Estremoz Territorial Detachment", 0.9], ["Vila Viçosa Court", 0.9], ["the same source", 0.7]]