<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "As it was a crime, the case was handed over to the Judiciary Police (PJ) for investigation." The participants to classify are ["the case", "the Judiciary Police (PJ)", "crime"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier shows that "Plane" is classified as Object (Obj), "airport" as Facility (Fac), and "Lusa." as Organization (Org). Also, "source" is Person (Per).

Looking at the first participant: "the case". The word "case" here refers to a legal case, which is an object or a concept. Since it's a case being handed over, it's more of an abstract object, so Object (Obj) makes sense.

Next is "the Judiciary Police (PJ)". This is an organization, specifically a police force. In the example, "Public Security Police" was classified as Org, so "Judiciary Police (PJ)" should also be Org.

Third participant: "crime". Crime is a noun here, but it's a general concept, not a specific entity. The class "Nature" might be for natural elements or abstract concepts. However, in the example, "engine failure" was classified as Obj. Wait, but "crime" is more of a category or a type of event. The classes don't have a "Concept" category, so maybe "Other"? But looking back, the example had "engine failure" as Obj. Hmm. Alternatively, "crime" could be considered as a type of event, but the classes don't have an event category. The closest might be "Other" or "Nature". But "Nature" is for natural elements like mountains, rivers, etc. So "crime" is more of an abstract concept, which might fall under "Other". However, in the example, "engine failure" was Obj. Maybe "crime" is an Object here? Wait, but "crime" is a general term, not a physical object. Alternatively, maybe "Nature" is for abstract concepts. But I'm not sure. Let me check the example again. The example had "engine failure" as Obj. So maybe "crime" here is considered an Object? Or maybe "Nature"? Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. "Nature" might be for natural things, not abstract. So "crime" would be "Other" since it's not a person, organization, object, location, facility, or nature. But I'm not certain. Alternatively, maybe "crime" is a type of event, which isn't covered, so "Other" is the safest choice here.

So the classifications would be:

["the case", "Obj"], ["the Judiciary Police (PJ)", "Org"], ["crime", "Other"]

Wait, but in the example, "engine failure" was Obj. So maybe "crime" is also Obj? But "crime" is a concept, not a physical object. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "crime" is a type of event, which is not covered, so Other. I think Other is more appropriate here.
</think>

[["the case", "Obj"], ["the Judiciary Police (PJ)", "Org"], ["crime", "Other"]]