<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I have to categorize each participant into one of the given classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

Looking at the input: "No início de outubro, a PJ já tinha detido também no aeroporto Osvaldo Vieira um outro cidadão luso-guineense, com 22 anos de idade, na posse de um quilograma de cocaína, quando se preparava para viajar para Lisboa."

Participants to classify are:
["a PJ", "aeroporto Osvaldo Vieira", "um outro cidadão luso-guineense", "um quilograma de cocaína", "Lisboa"]

Starting with "a PJ". PJ in Portuguese stands for "Polícia Judiciária", which is the Judicial Police in Portugal. That's an organization, so class "Org".

Next, "aeroporto Osvaldo Vieira". An airport is a facility, so "Fac".

"um outro cidadão luso-guineense" refers to a person, so "Per".

"um quilograma de cocaína" is an object, specifically a quantity of a substance, so "Obj".

Lastly, "Lisboa" is a city, which is a location. The example given in the task had "Lisboa" classified as "Pl_capital", but the classes here are more general. The options are Location, so "Loc" would be appropriate. Wait, but in the example, they used "Pl_capital" as a subclass under Location? Wait, the original classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Lisboa" is a location, so "Loc".

Wait, but in the example provided earlier, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but that might have been part of a more detailed classification. However, the user's instruction here says to use the classes as listed: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Lisboa" is a Location, so "Loc".

Let me double-check each one:

- "a PJ" → Organization (Org)
- "aeroporto Osvaldo Vieira" → Facility (Fac)
- "um outro cidadão luso-guineense" → Person (Per)
- "um quilograma de cocaína" → Object (Obj)
- "Lisboa" → Location (Loc)

Yes, that seems correct. I don't see any other possible classifications here. The "quilograma de cocaína" is an object, not a substance, but since it's a physical item being possessed, it's an object. The airport is a facility. The person is a person. The city is a location. The police is an organization.
</think>

[["a PJ", "Org"], ["aeroporto Osvaldo Vieira", "Fac"], ["um outro cidadão luso-guineense", "Per"], ["um quilograma de cocaína", "Obj"], ["Lisboa", "Loc"]]