<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or affected by the event. The example they provided includes entities like "Plane," "engine," "Lisbon," etc., each with a confidence score.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input here is: "According to the GNR, the vessel was detected with the help of the Integrated Surveillance, Command and Control System (SIVICC), as part of a coastal surveillance and patrolling action."

Breaking it down, the main entities mentioned are:

1. GNR: This is a Portuguese police force, so definitely an organization. High confidence.
2. the vessel: The subject being detected. It's a participant here. Confidence might be medium since it's a general term, but in context, it's the object of the action.
3. Integrated Surveillance, Command and Control System (SIVICC): This is a system used, so an entity. High confidence.
4. coastal surveillance and patrolling action: This is an activity, not an entity. Probably not a participant.
5. The other parts are prepositions or articles, like "the help of," which aren't entities.

Wait, the example output included things like "to engine" and "a stopped engine," which are phrases. So maybe I should look for noun phrases that represent entities. 

In the input, "the vessel" is a noun phrase. "GNR" is an organization. "Integrated Surveillance, Command and Control System (SIVICC)" is a system, so an entity. The rest are either prepositions or parts of the sentence structure. 

I need to check if "the vessel" is a participant. Since it's the subject being detected, it's involved in the event. So yes. 

Also, "GNR" is mentioned as the source, so that's a participant. "SIVICC" is the system used, so that's a participant too. 

The output should be a JSON list of entities with confidence scores. Let me list them:

- "GNR" with high confidence (maybe 0.95)
- "the vessel" with medium confidence (0.7)
- "Integrated Surveillance, Command and Control System (SIVICC)" with high confidence (0.95)
- "coastal surveillance and patrolling action" might not be an entity, more of an activity. So probably not included.

Wait, the example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as entities. So even if they are locations, they are considered participants. In this case, "coastal surveillance and patrolling action" is an activity, not a participant. So maybe not included. 

So the final list would be GNR, the vessel, and SIVICC. Let me check again. The example also included "source" and "the same source," which are entities. In this input, "GNR" is the source, so that's included. 

I think that's all. Now assign confidence scores. GNR is a known organization, so 0.95. The vessel is a specific entity, but the text just says "the vessel," so maybe 0.7. SIVICC is a system name, so 0.95. 

So the JSON array would be:

[["GNR", 0.95], ["the vessel", 0.7], ["Integrated Surveillance, Command and Control System (SIVICC)", 0.95]]
</think>

[["GNR", 0.95], ["the vessel", 0.7], ["Integrated Surveillance, Command and Control System (SIVICC)", 0.95]]