<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and even specific items like "engine" or "airport" might be included if they are relevant.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "A 25-year-old man, with a criminal record, was arrested in Paredes by the GNR and charged with having in his possession a replica firearm and an extendable baton, the Guard revealed today in a statement."

Breaking it down, the main participants here would be the man, the GNR (which is a police force in Portugal), the replica firearm, the extendable baton, and possibly the Guard (referring to GNR) and the statement. Also, locations like Paredes might be considered as part of the context but are they participants? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. Since the arrest happened in Paredes, maybe it's a location involved, but the example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So I should include "Paredes" as a participant.

Looking at the example output, they included things like "the airports" and "Farnborough" as participants. So locations are included. Also, the "source" and "the same source" were included, which are entities. In the current input, "the Guard" is mentioned as revealing the statement, so that's likely the GNR. Also, "the statement" might be considered an entity, but in the example, "website." was included. However, "statement" is a document, so maybe that's a participant. But the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So perhaps "the Guard" and "the statement" are participants here.

Now, let's list possible participants:

1. "A 25-year-old man" – definitely a participant as the subject.
2. "GNR" – the police force involved in the arrest.
3. "the Guard" – same as GNR, but maybe they are referring to the same entity. However, in the example, "Public Security Police" and "the same source" were included. So "the Guard" might be another name for GNR here. But since it's mentioned as "the Guard revealed today in a statement," maybe "the Guard" is a separate entity, but likely refers to GNR. However, to be safe, I'll include both "GNR" and "the Guard" as separate entities unless they are the same. Wait, the original text says "the Guard revealed today in a statement." If "the Guard" is the same as GNR, then maybe they are the same entity. But in the example, "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" were both included. So perhaps even if they refer to the same entity, they are listed separately. So I'll include both "GNR" and "the Guard" as separate entities.

4. "replica firearm" – an object in possession, so a participant.
5. "extendable baton" – another object in possession.
6. "Paredes" – location where the arrest happened, so a participant.
7. "the statement" – the document released by the Guard, so a participant.
8. "criminal record" – this is an attribute of the man, not an entity. So probably not a participant.
9. "the Guard" – already considered.
10. "the GNR" – same as above.

Now, checking for confidence. The man is clearly mentioned, so high confidence. GNR is a known entity, high confidence. The Guard is the same as GNR, but maybe the user wants both. The replica firearm and baton are objects, so high confidence. Paredes is a location, high confidence. The statement is a document, so maybe medium confidence. However, in the example, "website." was included with a confidence, so I should include "the statement" with a confidence. Maybe 0.8 for the statement. The criminal record is not an entity, so not included. 

Wait, the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So even if it's an object, like a firearm, it's included. So the replica firearm and extendable baton are participants. 

So the final list would be:

["A 25-year-old man", 0.95], ["GNR", 0.9], ["the Guard", 0.85], ["replica firearm", 0.9], ["extendable baton", 0.9], ["Paredes", 0.9], ["the statement", 0.8]

I need to make sure that each entity is unique. For example, "the Guard" and "GNR" might be the same, but the example included "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entries. So even if they refer to the same entity, they are listed separately. Therefore, both "GNR" and "the Guard" are included. Also, "the statement" is an entity here. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The input mentions "the Guard revealed today in a statement." So "the statement" is a document, hence a participant. The location is Paredes. The objects are the replica firearm and baton. The man is the subject. The GNR and the Guard are the entities involved in the arrest. So that's all.
</think>

[["A 25-year-old man", 0.95], ["GNR", 0.9], ["the Guard", 0.85], ["replica firearm", 0.9], ["extendable baton", 0.9], ["Paredes", 0.9], ["the statement", 0.8]]