<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence about an arrest made by the Criminal Investigation Center (NIC) in Penafiel as part of an investigation into a prohibited weapon.

The participants to classify are: "Criminal Investigation Center (NIC) of Penafiel", "Penafiel", "the document", and "prohibited weapon". 

Starting with "Criminal Investigation Center (NIC) of Penafiel". This seems like an organization. The NIC is likely a police or investigative body, so "Org" makes sense. Confidence is high here, maybe 0.95.

Next, "Penafiel". That's a place. Since it's a city in Portugal, it's a Pl_civil, which is a sub-national administrative area. Confidence around 0.9.

"The document" – this refers to a written record or report. Since it's a document, it's a Loc? Wait, the Loc category is for places that don't fit other Pl_ values, but documents are not places. Wait, looking back at the classes: Loc is for places that don't fit other Pl_ values. But "the document" is not a place. Hmm. The Other class is for entities not fitting other categories. The example given for Other is "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt). But "the document" is a manmade object? Wait, the Obj class is for tangible, manmade objects. But a document is a paper or digital file. However, in the example, "a cadeira" (chair) is Obj. A document might be considered an object, but maybe it's more abstract. Alternatively, since it's a written record, maybe it's a Loc? No, that doesn't fit. Wait, the Loc category is for places. So maybe "the document" is Other? But the example for Other is a smell, which is not a place. Alternatively, maybe it's a Fac? No, Fac is facilities. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "the document" is an Obj, but I'm not sure. Wait, the example for Obj is "a cadeira" (chair), which is a tangible object. A document is a physical object, so maybe Obj. But if it's a digital document, it's not tangible. However, in the context, the document is a physical report. So maybe Obj with confidence 0.7.

Lastly, "prohibited weapon". That's an object, so Obj. Confidence 0.95.

Wait, but let me check the classes again. The prohibited weapon is a manmade object, so Obj. Yes. The other entities: "Criminal Investigation Center (NIC) of Penafiel" is an Org. Penafiel is Pl_civil. The document is tricky. If there's no better category, maybe Other? But the example for Other is a smell. Alternatively, maybe it's a Loc? No, because Loc is for places. So perhaps Other. But the user's example had "website." classified as Loc. Hmm. "The document" is not a place, so maybe Other. But the example for Other is a non-entity like a smell. Alternatively, maybe it's an Obj if it's a physical document. But if it's a digital document, it's not tangible. However, in the context, the document is a physical report. So maybe Obj. But I'm not 100% sure. Maybe 0.7 confidence for Obj. Alternatively, if I can't decide, maybe Other with 0.6. But I think Obj is better here. Let me go with Obj for "the document" with 0.7 confidence.
</think>

<Output>[["Criminal Investigation Center (NIC) of Penafiel", "Org", 0.95], ["Penafiel", "Pl_civil", 0.9], ["the document", "Obj", 0.7], ["prohibited weapon", "Obj", 0.95]]</Output>