<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, but I need to check if that's accurate.

Looking at the input: "Also according to the GNR, the military carried out 'two home searches and one non-home search', which resulted in the 'seizure of a replica firearm and an extendable baton'."

First, identify the entities. "GNR" is likely a group or organization, so that's a participant. "the military" is another entity, probably a group. Then, "home searches" and "non-home search" are actions, but the example included "to engine" which was part of a phrase. However, in the example, "engine" was part of "a stopped engine," but maybe in this case, "home searches" and "non-home search" are actions, not entities. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved, so actions might not count. But the example included "engine" as a participant, which is a noun. So maybe "GNR" and "the military" are the main participants here. 

The seized items: "replica firearm" and "extendable baton" are objects, but are they participants? The definition says participants can be entities impacted. If the seizure is part of the event, maybe the items are considered participants as they are involved. But the example didn't include objects like that. Let me check the example again. In the example, "engine" was included as a participant, but "replica firearm" and "extendable baton" are objects. However, the example output included "a stopped engine" as a participant. So maybe objects are included if they are part of the event. 

Wait, the example output had "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entries. So in this case, "replica firearm" and "extendable baton" would be participants. Also, "GNR" is an organization, "the military" is a group. The phrase "two home searches and one non-home search" are actions, but the example included "emergency landing" as part of the event, but the participants were the plane, the airport, etc. So maybe the actions themselves aren't participants, but the entities performing them are. 

So in the input, the participants are GNR, the military, replica firearm, extendable baton. Also, "GNR" is mentioned as the source, so that's a participant. "the military" is the one carrying out the searches. The seized items are part of the event, so they are participants. 

But the example included "source" as a participant. In the given input, "GNR" is the source, so that's included. Also, "the military" is the actor. The seized items are objects involved. So the list would be:

["GNR", 0.9], ["the military", 0.8], ["replica firearm", 0.7], ["extendable baton", 0.7]

Wait, but the example included "source" as a participant. In the input, "GNR" is the source, so that's included. The example also included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. So in this case, "GNR" is the source, so that's a participant. 

But the user's example output had "source" as a participant. However, in the input, the source is "GNR", so that's the entity. So "GNR" is the participant. 

So the final list would be:

["GNR", 0.9], ["the military", 0.8], ["replica firearm", 0.7], ["extendable baton", 0.7]

I need to check if "home searches" and "non-home search" are considered participants. But they are actions, not entities. The example didn't include actions, only entities. So I think the correct participants here are GNR, the military, and the seized items. The confidence scores are based on how clearly they are mentioned. GNR is explicitly mentioned, the military is the subject, the items are the objects seized. So the JSON array would be those four entries with appropriate confidence levels.
</think>

[["GNR", 0.95], ["the military", 0.9], ["replica firearm", 0.8], ["extendable baton", 0.8]]