<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

First, I need to parse the input sentence carefully. The input is: "The detainee, adds the Guard, has "a criminal record for driving without a legal license and threats" and was "indicted" and the facts were sent to the Paredes Judicial Court."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. The detainee – this is a person involved, so definitely a participant. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.
2. The Guard – this refers to a group or organization, probably the police or a security force. The term "Guard" might be a title, like the National Guard or similar. Confidence around 0.85.
3. Paredes Judicial Court – this is an organization, a court, so it's a participant. Confidence is high, maybe 0.9.

Now, looking at the other parts: "a criminal record for driving without a legal license and threats" – these are descriptions of the detainee's actions, not entities. "Indicted" is a legal term, but it's an action, not an entity. The phrases in quotes are details about the detainee's record, not separate participants.

So the main participants are the detainee, the Guard, and the Paredes Judicial Court. I need to make sure there are no other entities. The word "adds" refers to the Guard, so that's already covered. The rest are actions or descriptions, not entities. 

I should check if "Guard" is a proper noun here. If it's a specific organization, like the Guardia Civil in Spain, then it's a participant. If it's just a general term, maybe not. But given the context, it's likely referring to a specific authority, so I'll include it with 0.85 confidence. 

Paredes Judicial Court is clearly a proper noun, so that's a participant. The detainee is an individual, so that's included. 

No other entities seem to be present. The output should be a JSON list with each entity and confidence score.
</think>

[["The detainee", 0.95], ["the Guard", 0.85], ["Paredes Judicial Court", 0.9]]