<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is about firefighters rescuing a man with hypothermia. The key elements here are the firefighters, the man, the ropes, the hospital, and maybe the time or location. But wait, the definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. So, the firefighters are definitely participants as they are the ones acting. The man being rescued is also a participant as he's the one affected. The ropes are tools used, but are they considered participants? The example given in the task included "to engine" and "a stopped engine," which are parts of the plane, so maybe parts or tools can be included if they are explicitly mentioned. However, the example also included "source" and "the same source," which are entities. So maybe "ropes" would be included here as a tool used by the firefighters.

The hospital, Santa Maria da Feira, is mentioned as the place where transport was refused. Since the man refused to go there, the hospital is an entity involved in the situation, even though the man didn't go. So that's a participant. The time (5:15 pm) might not be a participant, as it's just a time reference. The location, Santa Maria da Feira, is part of the hospital's name, so that's included. The term "hypothermia" is a condition, not an entity. "Firefighters" is a group, so that's a participant. The man is an individual, so he's a participant. The ropes are mentioned as part of the method used, so maybe they count. The example included "the airports" and "Farnborough," so locations are included. 

Wait, in the example, "airport" was included as a participant. So in this case, "Santa Maria da Feira hospital" is a location, so that's a participant. The man is an individual, so "the man" is a participant. The firefighters are a group. The ropes are a tool used, but the example included "engine" and "stopped engine," so maybe "ropes" are included. However, the example also included "source" and "the same source," which are entities. 

So compiling the list: "firefighters," "the man," "ropes," "Santa Maria da Feira hospital," "hypothermia" (but that's a condition, not an entity), "5:15 pm" (time, probably not), "the Santa Maria da Feira hospital" (the full name). Wait, the example had "Lisbon" as a participant. So locations are included. The example also had "the airports" as a participant. So in this case, the hospital is a location, so "Santa Maria da Feira hospital" is a participant. 

Confidence scores: "firefighters" is definitely a participant, confidence 1.0. "the man" is 1.0. "ropes" might be a tool, but the example included "engine" as a participant, so maybe "ropes" is 0.8. "Santa Maria da Feira hospital" is 1.0. "hypothermia" is a medical condition, not an entity. "5:15 pm" is a time, not a participant. "the Santa Maria da Feira hospital" is the same as the hospital name, so that's already included. 

Wait, the example had "the airports" as a participant. So maybe "the airports" is a participant. In this case, the text mentions "Santa Maria da Feira hospital," so that's a participant. Also, the man refused transport there, so the hospital is involved. 

So the final list would be: ["firefighters", 1.0], ["the man", 1.0], ["ropes", 0.8], ["Santa Maria da Feira hospital", 1.0]. 

Wait, but the example included "source" and "the same source," which are entities. In this case, the text doesn't mention any sources, so maybe not. Also, the example included "Lusa." as a participant, which is a news agency. In this input, there's no such entity. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The example included "the airports" as a participant. In this case, the hospital is a location, so that's included. The man is an individual, firefighters are a group. Ropes are a tool, but included as per the example. So the final answer should be those four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["firefighters", 1.0], ["the man", 1.0], ["ropes", 0.8], ["Santa Maria da Feira hospital", 1.0]]