<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "O despiste de uma viatura ocorrido hoje em Arcos de Valdevez provocou ferimentos graves no condutor, que foi transportado para o Hospital de Braga, informou o comandante dos Bombeiros locais."

Breaking it down, the main event is a car accident (despiste de uma viatura) in Arcos de Valdevez. The participants here would be the car (viatura), the driver (condutor), the hospital (Hospital de Braga), the local fire department commander (comandante dos Bombeiros locais), and maybe the location Arcos de Valdevez. 

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were mentioned multiple times. So I need to list each occurrence. For instance, "viatura" is mentioned once, "condutor" once, "Hospital de Braga" once, "comandante dos Bombeiros locais" once, and "Arcos de Valdevez" once. 

I should check if any of these entities are repeated. In this case, they don't seem to be. Now, assigning confidence scores. The car (viatura) is directly involved, so maybe 0.95. The driver (condutor) is the one injured, so 0.95. The hospital is where the driver was taken, so 0.9. The fire commander is the one informing, so 0.9. Arcos de Valdevez is the location, so 0.85. 

Wait, the example had "Lisboa" multiple times with different confidence scores. But in this case, each entity is mentioned once. So each entry would have a confidence. I need to make sure not to miss any entities. Also, "viatura" is a vehicle, so that's a participant. The hospital is an organization, the fire commander is a person, the driver is a person, and the location is a place. 

I think that's all. Let me list them with confidence scores.
</think>

[["viatura", 0.95], ["condutor", 0.95], ["Hospital de Braga", 0.9], ["comandante dos Bombeiros locais", 0.9], ["Arcos de Valdevez", 0.85]]