<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Filipe Guimarães afirmou que um segundo ocupante do automóvel, “segundo testemunhas oculares, atirou-se da viatura cerca de 150 metros antes do embate, tendo ficado com ferimentos ligeiros”, tendo sido transportado para o Hospital de Viana do Castelo."

Breaking it down:

1. "Filipe Guimarães" is a person who made a statement. So that's a participant. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.

2. "um segundo ocupante do automóvel" refers to another person in the car. The term "segundo ocupante" is a participant. But since it's a description, maybe "ocupante" is the entity. But the text says "segundo ocupante", so perhaps "segundo ocupante do automóvel" is the entity. However, the exact name isn't given, so maybe it's just "ocupante" with lower confidence. Wait, but the user's example included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as entities even though they were not named. So maybe "segundo ocupante" is considered an entity here. But since the name isn't specified, maybe it's "ocupante" with lower confidence. Hmm, but the example had "o motor" as an entity. So maybe even if it's not a named entity, the noun phrase is considered. So "segundo ocupante do automóvel" would be an entity. But the user's example had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So perhaps each occurrence is considered. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, "Avião" and "o motor" are separate entries. So even if they are the same entity, each mention is considered. So in this case, "segundo ocupante do automóvel" is a participant. But the name isn't given, so maybe it's "ocupante" or "segundo ocupante do automóvel". But the user's example included "a aeronave" and "o avião" as separate entities. So perhaps each noun phrase is considered. So "segundo ocupante do automóvel" is an entity here. But since it's a description, maybe the confidence is lower. Let's say 0.7.

3. "testemunhas oculares" are eyewitnesses. They are participants. So "testemunhas oculares" as an entity. Confidence around 0.8.

4. "viatura" refers to the vehicle. So "viatura" is an entity. Confidence 0.8.

5. "Hospital de Viana do Castelo" is a specific hospital, so that's an entity. Confidence 0.95.

Now, checking for other possible participants. The sentence mentions "Filipe Guimarães" as the one who affirmed, so he's a participant. The second occupant is another participant. The eyewitnesses, the vehicle, and the hospital. Are there any others? The "embate" (collision) is an event, not a participant. "Ferimentos ligeiros" (minor injuries) are a result, not a participant. So the main participants are Filipe Guimarães, the second occupant, the eyewitnesses, the vehicle, and the hospital.

Wait, but in the example, they included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as entities. So even if they are locations, they are considered participants. In this case, "Hospital de Viana do Castelo" is a location, so it's included. "Viatura" is the vehicle, which is an entity. "Testemunhas oculares" are people, so they are participants. "Segundo ocupante do automóvel" is a person, so that's a participant. "Filipe Guimarães" is a person. So those are the main ones.

Now, checking for possible duplicates. "Viatura" is mentioned once. "Hospital de Viana do Castelo" once. "Testemunhas oculares" once. "Segundo ocupante do automóvel" once. "Filipe Guimarães" once. So the list would be:

["Filipe Guimarães", 0.95], ["segundo ocupante do automóvel", 0.7], ["testemunhas oculares", 0.8], ["viatura", 0.8], ["Hospital de Viana do Castelo", 0.95]

Wait, but in the example, they included "aeroporto" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as separate entries. So even if the same location is mentioned with different phrases, they are considered separate. In this case, "Hospital de Viana do Castelo" is a specific name, so it's one entry. "Viatura" is the vehicle. "Testemunhas oculares" as a group. "Segundo ocupante do automóvel" as a person. "Filipe Guimarães" as a person.

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations or groups. The "embate" is an event, not a participant. So the final list should be those five entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Filipe Guimarães", 0.95], ["segundo ocupante do automóvel", 0.7], ["testemunhas oculares", 0.8], ["viatura", 0.8], ["Hospital de Viana do Castelo", 0.95]]