<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like people, organizations, places, etc., and even repeated mentions of the same entity with varying confidence.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "“Deverá manter-se cortada, pelo menos, até às 16:30”, disse Filipe Guimarães." The main elements here are the quoted statement and the speaker, Filipe Guimarães. 

Looking at the quoted part, "Deverá manter-se cortada, pelo menos, até às 16:30", the subject here is something that's being cut, but the text doesn't explicitly mention what is being cut. However, the context might imply it's a service or connection, but without more info, I can't be sure. The example output includes entities even if they are not explicitly named, but in this case, "cortada" is a verb, so maybe the actual entity is missing. Wait, the example given in the task had "Avião" and "o motor" as participants, even though "o motor" is a part of the plane. So maybe in this case, the entity is the thing that's being cut, but since it's not specified, maybe it's not included. Alternatively, maybe the speaker is the only participant here.

The speaker is "Filipe Guimarães". That's a person, so definitely a participant. The example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants, so even if the source isn't named, they are still considered. But in this case, the speaker is explicitly named. So "Filipe Guimarães" should be included with high confidence. 

Wait, the example output had "fonte" as a participant. But in the input, the source was "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública". So maybe in this case, the speaker is "Filipe Guimarães", and that's the only participant. The quoted statement doesn't mention any other entities. So the output should be ["Filipe Guimarães", 1.0]. 

But wait, the example output included "aeroporto" and other places. However, in this input, there's no mention of any places or other entities. The only participant is the person speaking. So the correct answer is just Filipe Guimarães with high confidence. 

I need to make sure I'm not missing any other entities. The sentence is a direct quote from Filipe Guimarães. There's no mention of an organization, place, or other entity. So the only participant is Filipe Guimarães. The confidence should be 1.0 since it's explicitly stated. 

Therefore, the JSON array should be [["Filipe Guimarães", 1.0]].
</think>

[["Filipe Guimarães", 1.0]]