<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo? Hmm, maybe the example is just showing how they extracted parts of phrases, even if they're not full entities. But I need to be careful here.

Looking at the input: "Indonesia today outlawed a Muslim group responsible for acts of vandalism against Western embassies and non-Islamic places of worship."

First, identify the main entities. The country Indonesia is definitely a participant here. The Muslim group is another, as they are the ones being outlawed. The Western embassies and non-Islamic places of worship are the targets of the vandalism, so they are impacted by the event. The act of outlawing is done by Indonesia, so Indonesia is an actor. The Muslim group is the one responsible for the acts, so they are the agent. The Western embassies and non-Islamic places of worship are the victims or patients here.

Now, checking the example output again. They included "Plane", "to engine", etc. Wait, maybe they took phrases even if they're not full entities. But in the example, "to engine" might be a mistake. However, the user's instruction says to extract based on relevance and significance, whether explicitly mentioned or inferred. So maybe I should look for all possible entities, even if they are parts of phrases.

In the given input, "Indonesia" is a country, so that's a participant. "a Muslim group" is a group. "Western embassies" and "non-Islamic places of worship" are the entities being targeted. Are "Western" and "non-Islamic" considered here? Well, "Western embassies" is a group of entities, but the term "Western" alone might not be a participant. Similarly, "non-Islamic" is an adjective. So probably, the main entities are Indonesia, the Muslim group, Western embassies, and non-Islamic places of worship.

Wait, but the example included "Lisbon" multiple times, even though it's a location. So locations are considered participants if they are involved. In this case, the Western embassies are in different countries, but the text doesn't specify which ones. However, "Western embassies" as a collective term might be considered an entity here. Similarly, "non-Islamic places of worship" are entities impacted.

So the participants would be:

- Indonesia (the country that outlawed the group)
- the Muslim group (the group being outlawed and responsible for vandalism)
- Western embassies (targets of vandalism)
- non-Islamic places of worship (targets of vandalism)

Now, checking for confidence. Indonesia is clearly mentioned, so confidence 1. The Muslim group is explicitly mentioned, confidence 1. Western embassies and non-Islamic places of worship are mentioned as the targets, so confidence 1. However, the example included "source" and "the same source" with lower confidence. Wait, in the example, "source" was included with 0.6. But in the current input, there's no mention of a source, so maybe not. But in our case, the entities are more straightforward.

Wait, the example output had entries like "Lisbon" multiple times. In the input, "Lisbon" is a location. In our case, the locations are not mentioned except for the embassies and places of worship. But the embassies are in Western countries, but the text doesn't specify which ones. So maybe "Western embassies" is the entity, not the countries themselves.

So the final list would be:

["Indonesia", 1.0], ["a Muslim group", 1.0], ["Western embassies", 1.0], ["non-Islamic places of worship", 1.0]

But wait, the example included "the airports" as an entity. In our case, "Western embassies" and "non-Islamic places of worship" are similar. Also, the example included "Lusa." with a period, which might be a typo. But in our case, the entities are proper nouns or specific terms. So I think the four entities are correct. However, the user might expect "Western" as an entity, but that's an adjective. So no, better to stick with the full terms.
</think>

[["Indonesia", 1.0], ["a Muslim group", 1.0], ["Western embassies", 1.0], ["non-Islamic places of worship", 1.0]]