<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Security Minister Mohammad Mahfud told journalists that the Islamic Defense Front (FPI in Indonesian) maintained activities despite orders to disband the organization."

First, I need to identify all entities here. Let's break it down sentence by sentence.

The first part is "Security Minister Mohammad Mahfud told journalists..." So "Security Minister Mohammad Mahfud" is a person, definitely a participant. The title "Security Minister" is part of his role, but the name "Mohammad Mahfud" is the individual. Then "journalists" are mentioned as the recipients of the statement, so they are participants as well.

Next, the Islamic Defense Front (FPI in Indonesian) is mentioned. This is an organization, so that's a participant. The acronym FPI is in parentheses, so both the full name and the acronym should be considered. The text also mentions "orders to disband the organization," which refers to the Islamic Defense Front, so the organization is definitely a participant.

The phrase "the organization" is used later, which refers back to FPI. So "the organization" is a pronoun referring to FPI, but since the actual name is given, maybe we should include both. However, the instruction says to extract entities, so "the organization" might be too vague unless it's clear. But in this context, it's clear it refers to FPI, so maybe include both the full name and the acronym, and "the organization" as a reference.

Wait, the example output included "the same source" as an entity. So even if it's a pronoun referring back, they included it. So maybe "the organization" should be included here as well. But the example also had "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So perhaps even if it's a noun phrase that refers to a group, even if it's not the full name, it's considered an entity.

So in this case, "Islamic Defense Front (FPI in Indonesian)" is the full name, and "FPI" is the acronym. Then "the organization" is a reference to the same entity. Also, "Security Minister Mohammad Mahfud" is a person, "journalists" are a group, and "orders to disband" might be an action, but the participants are the ones involved. The orders are from an authority, but the text doesn't specify who gave the orders. It just says "orders to disband the organization," so maybe the authority isn't mentioned here. So the participants are the Security Minister, the journalists, the Islamic Defense Front (FPI), and the organization (as a reference). 

Wait, but "orders to disband" is an action, but the participants would be the ones who issued the orders, but the text doesn't mention who. So maybe that's not a participant here. The participants are the ones involved in the event: the Security Minister, the journalists, the Islamic Defense Front, and the organization (which is the same as FPI). 

So compiling the list:

- Security Minister Mohammad Mahfud (high confidence)
- journalists (moderate confidence, as they are a group mentioned)
- Islamic Defense Front (high confidence)
- FPI (high confidence, as the acronym)
- the organization (moderate confidence, as it refers to FPI)
- "Security Minister" as a title? Wait, the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So maybe the title is part of the entity. But in the input, it's "Security Minister Mohammad Mahfud", so the full name with title. The example had "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So perhaps the title is included as part of the entity. So "Security Minister Mohammad Mahfud" is the full entity. 

Wait, the example output had "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So even if it's a group, the title is included. So in this case, "Security Minister Mohammad Mahfud" is the entity. 

So the entities would be:

["Security Minister Mohammad Mahfud", "journalists", "Islamic Defense Front", "FPI", "the organization"]

Now, confidence levels. For "Security Minister Mohammad Mahfud", high confidence (0.95). "journalists" is a group, but they are mentioned as the ones being told, so 0.8. "Islamic Defense Front" is clearly an organization, 0.95. "FPI" is the acronym, 0.9. "the organization" refers to FPI, but since it's a pronoun, maybe 0.75. 

Wait, but in the example, "the same source" was included as an entity. So even if it's a pronoun, they included it. So "the organization" should be included here as well. 

So the final list would be those five entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Security Minister Mohammad Mahfud", 0.95], ["journalists", 0.8], ["Islamic Defense Front", 0.95], ["FPI", 0.9], ["the organization", 0.75]]