<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, which seems a bit odd, but maybe they're considering parts of phrases.

The input here is: "The Jakarta government also banned the use of FPI symbols."

First, I need to identify all entities. Let's break it down. "The Jakarta government" is clearly an entity, probably an organization or government body. Then "FPI" is mentioned. FPI stands for Front Pembela Islam, which is an Indonesian Islamic organization. So "FPI" is a group. The rest are things like "use of symbols" which might not be participants but actions. 

Wait, the example included "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities. But in this case, "use of FPI symbols" is an action, not an entity. So maybe only the nouns or proper nouns are considered. 

So the entities here would be "The Jakarta government" and "FPI". But the example had "Lusa." and "source" as entities. Hmm, maybe "source" is considered if it's a role. But in the input, the sentence doesn't mention a source, just the government and FPI. 

Wait, the input is a single sentence. Let me check again. The sentence is about the Jakarta government banning FPI symbols. So participants are the government (Jakarta) and FPI. Are there any others? The word "symbols" is part of the action, not an entity. 

So the output should be ["The Jakarta government", "FPI"]. But the example included things like "airport" and "Lisbon" as entities. Wait, in the example, "airport" was included. But in this case, the sentence doesn't mention any airports or locations except Jakarta, which is part of the government. 

Wait, the example had "Lisbon" multiple times. But in this case, the location is Jakarta, but it's part of the government name. So maybe "Jakarta government" is the entity, not just "Jakarta". 

Also, in the example, "source" was included. But in this input, there's no mention of a source. So maybe only the explicit entities. 

So the answer would be two entities: "The Jakarta government" and "FPI". But the example had "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So maybe if the entity is a group or organization, even if it's a title, it's included. 

So "The Jakarta government" is an organization, and "FPI" is an organization. Therefore, those two. 

Now, confidence. For "The Jakarta government", I'm pretty confident, maybe 0.95. For "FPI", since it's an acronym, but in the context of Indonesia, it's a known organization, so 0.9. 

Wait, but the example included "Lusa." with a period. Maybe the user wants to include the punctuation. But in the input, the sentence ends with a period. However, in the example output, "Lusa." has a period. But in the current input, the sentence ends with a period, but the entity is "FPI symbols" but the entity is just "FPI". 

So the final answer would be:

[["The Jakarta government", 0.95], ["FPI", 0.9]]
</think>

[["The Jakarta government", 0.95], ["FPI", 0.9]]