<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. So, first, I need to parse the input sentence carefully.

The input is: "The FPI organized large protests in 2016 and 2017 against the Christian governor of Jakarta."

Breaking it down, the main event here is the protests organized by FPI. The participants would be the ones involved in organizing or being against the protests. 

First, "FPI" is clearly an organization. The user might have mentioned it as "FPI" but I should check if there's a full name. However, the input doesn't provide a full name, so "FPI" is the entity here. Confidence would be high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "the Christian governor of Jakarta." The governor is an individual, but the term "Christian governor" might be a descriptor. However, the governor is a specific person, even if not named. But wait, the problem says participants can be inferred. Since the governor is the target of the protests, they are a participant. However, the governor's name isn't given, so maybe "the Christian governor of Jakarta" is the entity. But the user might consider "governor" as a role, but since the governor is a specific person, even without the name, the title might be considered. However, in the example given earlier, they included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So maybe "the Christian governor of Jakarta" is an entity here. But the problem is that the governor's name isn't specified, so maybe it's better to include the title as the entity. Alternatively, if the governor is an individual, but since the name isn't given, perhaps we can't include them. Wait, the example included "the same source" as an entity. So maybe even if it's a title, it's considered an entity. Hmm.

Wait, the example input had "a Public Security Police source" and the output included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So even if it's a group or title, they are included. So in this case, "the Christian governor of Jakarta" is the entity. But the governor is a person, but since the name isn't given, maybe we can't extract that. However, the example included "the same source" which is a reference to a previous entity. So maybe in this case, "the Christian governor of Jakarta" is considered an entity even without the name. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "governor" is the role, but the actual person isn't named. So perhaps we shouldn't include that. But the example included "the same source" as an entity, which is a reference. So maybe in this case, the governor is an entity even without the name. But I need to be cautious here. The user might expect that if the name isn't given, we don't include it. However, the example included "the same source" which is a reference to a previous entity, so maybe even if it's a title, it's considered an entity. 

Alternatively, maybe "the Christian governor of Jakarta" is the entity. But the problem is that the governor's name isn't provided. However, in the example, "the same source" was included as an entity. So perhaps even if it's a title or a role, as long as it's mentioned, it's considered a participant. Therefore, "the Christian governor of Jakarta" would be an entity here. But the user might consider that the governor is a person, but since the name isn't given, maybe it's not included. This is a bit ambiguous. 

Another angle: the participants are those involved in the event. The FPI organized the protests, so they are definitely a participant. The governor is the target of the protests, so they are also a participant. Even if the name isn't given, the governor's role is significant. So including "the Christian governor of Jakarta" as an entity. 

So the entities would be "FPI" and "the Christian governor of Jakarta". 

Wait, but in the example, "the same source" was included. So even if it's a reference, it's considered an entity. So here, "the Christian governor of Jakarta" is a specific person, even if not named. But maybe the user expects that only named entities are included. However, the example included "the same source" which is a reference, not a named entity. So perhaps the answer should include "the Christian governor of Jakarta" as an entity. 

So the final list would be ["FPI", "the Christian governor of Jakarta"]. 

Confidence for FPI is high, maybe 0.95. For the governor, since it's a title but the person is the target, confidence might be lower, like 0.7. But I need to check the example again. In the example, "a Public Security Police" was included as an entity. So even if it's a group, even without the full name, it's considered. So here, "the Christian governor of Jakarta" is a person, even if not named, but the title is given. So including that. 

Therefore, the JSON output would be:

[["FPI", 0.95], ["the Christian governor of Jakarta", 0.7]]
</think>

[["FPI", 0.95], ["the Christian governor of Jakarta", 0.7]]