<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is about Rizieg Shihab, who handed himself over to authorities after being accused of inciting the population to violate government restrictions on pandemic measures.

The participants to classify are: "Rizieg Shihab", "authorities", "the Government", "the population".

Starting with "Rizieg Shihab". The text says he's the organization's leader who handed himself over. Since he's a person, that's a Per (person) entity. Confidence is high here, maybe 0.95.

Next, "authorities". The authorities are the ones he surrendered to. Authorities are usually an organization or government body, so Org. Confidence around 0.9.

"The Government" is mentioned as imposing restrictions. Government is an organization, so Org again. Confidence 0.95.

"The population" refers to the people he incited. Population is a group of people, but the class for groups isn't Per. Wait, looking back at the classes: Per is individuals or characters. The population is a collective, not an individual, so maybe Other? Wait, the example had "the population" as Nat? Wait, no, in the example given in the task, "O cao" (the dog) is Nat. But "the population" is a group of people. The classes don't have a specific category for groups of people. Let me check the classes again.

Looking at the classes: Per is individuals or divine entities. Org is organizations. Other is entities that don't fit elsewhere. The population isn't an individual, so Per doesn't apply. It's not an organization. Maybe Other? But in the example given, "the population" might be considered as a group, but the user's example didn't have that. Wait, in the initial example, the user had "the population" as part of the input, but in the output, it's not listed. Wait, no, the user's example was different. Let me check the original task again.

In the task's example, the participants included "the population" and the output for that was not given. Wait, the user's example input had "the population" as a participant, but the output wasn't shown. Wait, no, the user's example input was about a plane landing, and the participants included "airport", "Lisbon", etc. The current task's participants are "Rizieg Shihab", "authorities", "the Government", "the population".

So "the population" is a group of people. The classes don't have a specific category for groups of people. The closest might be Per if it's considered a collective noun, but Per is for individuals. Alternatively, Other. Let me check the definition of Other: entities that do not fit into the other categories. For example, "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burned). So "the population" is a group, not an individual, not an organization, not a natural entity. So it would fall under Other. But wait, maybe "population" is considered a Nat? No, Nat is animals, plants, etc. So "the population" is a group of humans, but not an individual. So Other might be the right class here. Confidence maybe 0.8.

Wait, but in the example given in the task's definition, "the population" isn't mentioned. Let me think again. The user's example in the task's initial part had "O cao" (the dog) as Nat. So "the population" is a group of people, which isn't an individual, so Per doesn't apply. It's not an organization, so Org doesn't apply. It's not a natural entity, so Nat doesn't apply. So Other is the correct class here. So "the population" would be Other with confidence 0.8.

So putting it all together:

- "Rizieg Shihab" → Per (0.95)
- "authorities" → Org (0.9)
- "the Government" → Org (0.95)
- "the population" → Other (0.8)
</think>

<Output>
[["Rizieg Shihab", "Per", 0.95], ["authorities", "Org", 0.9], ["the Government", "Org", 0.95], ["the population", "Other", 0.8]]
</Output>