<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "Governo holandês aprova ajuda à KLM depois de pilotos aceitarem reduzir salários". The participants to classify are "Governo holandês", "KLM", and "pilotos".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Also, in the example, they used specific subcategories like Pl_capital for locations (like Lisboa), Pl_civil for places like Farnborough, and so on. But in this case, the classes might be more straightforward.

Starting with "Governo holandês". "Governo" translates to "government", which is an organization. The adjective "holandês" means Dutch, so it's the Dutch government. So this should be classified under Organization.

Next, "KLM". KLM is a well-known airline, specifically KLM Royal Dutch Airlines. That's definitely an organization, so "Org" is the class here.

Then "pilotos" means "pilots". Pilots are people, so that's "Person" (Per). But wait, in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (person), and "a mesma fonte" also as "Per". So "pilotos" would be "Per" as they are individuals, even though they are a group. So "pilotos" should be "Per".

Wait, but sometimes groups can be considered organizations. However, "pilotos" here refers to the people (the pilots) who are part of the airline. Since the sentence says "depois de pilotos aceitarem reduzir salários" (after pilots agreed to reduce salaries), it's about the individuals. So "pilotos" is a group of people, but the class is still "Person" because they are individuals. Unless there's a specific rule for groups, but the example didn't have such cases. The example had "fonte" as a person, even though it's a source, which might be an organization, but in that case, it was classified as "Per". So I think "pilotos" is "Per".

So the classifications would be:

["Governo holandês", "Org"], ["KLM", "Org"], ["pilotos", "Per"]

I need to make sure there's no other possible classification. "Governo" is definitely an organization. KLM is an airline company, so organization. Pilots are people, so person. That seems right.
</think>

[["Governo holandês", "Org"], ["KLM", "Org"], ["pilotos", "Per"]]