<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

First, let's look at the input sentence again: "Cerca de três mil pilotos devem ser particularmente afetados por este plano, com baixas salariais que podem ir até 20%, segundo os meios do país."

Participants to classify are: ["três mil pilotos", "este plano", "baixas salariais", "os meios do país"]

Starting with "três mil pilotos". "Pilotos" are people, specifically pilots. The number "três mil" is just a quantity, but the main entity here is "pilotos", which are people. So this should be "Person".

Next, "este plano". A "plano" translates to "plan" or "scheme". In this context, it's a plan affecting the pilots, likely a company or organizational plan. Since it's a plan, not a physical object, maybe "Object"? But wait, "plano" can also be a document or a strategy, which might be considered an Object. Alternatively, if it's part of an organization's structure, maybe Organization? But I think "plano" here is more like a plan or proposal, so Object makes sense.

Third, "baixas salariais". "Baixas salariais" means "low wages" or "salary cuts". This is a concept, not a physical object or a person. So this might fall under "Other" or "Nature"? Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. "Nature" might refer to natural elements, but "baixas salariais" is a social or economic concept. So "Other" seems appropriate here.

Lastly, "os meios do país". "Meios" can mean "means" or "media" in this context. "Os meios do país" would be "the country's media" or "the country's means". Since it's referring to media outlets, which are organizations, this should be "Organization".

Let me double-check. "Pilotos" are people, so Person. "Plano" is a plan, Object. "Baixas salariais" is a concept, Other. "Os meios do país" are media organizations, so Organization. That seems right.
</think>

[["três mil pilotos", "Per"], ["este plano", "Obj"], ["baixas salariais", "Other"], ["os meios do país", "Org"]]