<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and they might be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "A man was arrested in northern Mexico for allegedly beating his three children to revenge on the children's mother, prosecutors said on Sunday."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are:

1. "A man" – the person arrested. That's an individual, so definitely a participant.
2. "his three children" – the victims of the alleged beating. They are directly involved.
3. "the children's mother" – the person who the man is seeking revenge against. She's a participant as she's the reason for the action.
4. "prosecutors" – they are the ones making the statement, so they are involved in the event as authorities.
5. "northern Mexico" – a location. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. Locations can be considered participants if they are part of the event's context. But the example output included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So maybe places are included here. However, in the example, "Lisbon" was listed multiple times. So I should include "northern Mexico" as a participant.
6. "Sunday" – a time, but the example didn't include dates or times. The example had "5:50 pm" and "6:32 p.m." but those were part of the event's timeline. However, in the output, they were not listed. Wait, looking back at the example output, the times were not included. So maybe dates and times are not considered participants. So "Sunday" might not be a participant here. Hmm, need to check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "the same source", "Lusa.", "source", etc., but not the time. So maybe time elements are excluded. So "Sunday" might not be a participant. But the example included "the airports" as a participant. So locations are included. Therefore, "northern Mexico" is a location and should be included.

Wait, but the example output had "airport" and "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as separate entries. So "northern Mexico" would be a location, so it's a participant. So I should include that.

Now, checking the example again: the output included "the airports" as a participant. So even if it's a plural, it's considered. So in this case, "northern Mexico" is a location, so it's a participant.

So the participants would be:

- "A man" (confidence high, maybe 0.9)
- "his three children" (0.9)
- "the children's mother" (0.9)
- "prosecutors" (0.9)
- "northern Mexico" (0.8, since it's a location involved)
- "Sunday" – but in the example, times weren't included. So maybe not. Let me check the example again. The example input had times like "5:50 pm" and "6:32 p.m." but in the output, they were not listed. So times are excluded. Therefore, "Sunday" is not a participant here.

Wait, but the example output included "the same source" and "Lusa." as participants. So sources are included. So "prosecutors" is a group, so they are included. 

So the final list would be:

["A man", 0.9], ["his three children", 0.9], ["the children's mother", 0.9], ["prosecutors", 0.9], ["northern Mexico", 0.8]

Wait, but the example output had "the airports" as a participant. So "northern Mexico" is a location, so it's included. 

But I need to check if "northern Mexico" is an entity. It's a place, so yes. 

Another thing: the example output had "the same source" and "source" as separate entries. So if there are multiple mentions of the same entity, they are listed separately. But in this case, "prosecutors" is mentioned once. 

So the final answer would be the list above. Now, assigning confidence scores. For "A man", "his three children", "the children's mother", and "prosecutors", I can be confident (0.9). For "northern Mexico", maybe 0.8 because it's a location, but the example included "Lisbon" as a participant. So 0.8 is acceptable.
</think>

[["A man", 0.9], ["his three children", 0.9], ["the children's mother", 0.9], ["prosecutors", 0.9], ["northern Mexico", 0.8]]