<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's an error. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "to engine" with confidence 0.5. But "to engine" isn't a participant; it's part of a phrase. Maybe that's a mistake in the example, but I need to follow the given instructions. However, the user might have made a typo. Let me focus on the current input.

The input is: "The prosecutors' office in the northern state of Sonora said the boys were 3,7 and 8 years old."

First, identify the participants. The main entities here are:

- "The prosecutors' office" – this is an organization, so a participant.
- "Sonora" – a state, which is a location, but is it a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The state might be the location where the prosecutors' office is, but maybe it's not directly involved. However, the example includes "Lisbon" multiple times, so maybe locations are considered participants if mentioned. But in the example, "airport" and "airports" are included. So perhaps locations are included if they are part of the event's context.

- "the boys" – these are individuals, so definitely participants.
- The ages (3,7,8) – these are attributes, not entities. So probably not included.
- "the northern state of Sonora" – this is a location, but maybe "Sonora" is the main entity here. The phrase "northern state of Sonora" refers to the state, so "Sonora" is the entity.

Now, looking at the example output, they included "Lisbon" multiple times. So even if it's a location, if it's mentioned, it's included. So in this case, "Sonora" would be a participant. Also, "the prosecutors' office" is an organization, so that's a participant. "the boys" are individuals. Are there any other entities?

The sentence mentions "the prosecutors' office in the northern state of Sonora" – so "the prosecutors' office" is the main entity, and "Sonora" is the location. The example includes "Lisbon" as a participant, so I think "Sonora" should be included here.

So the participants would be:

- "The prosecutors' office" (organization)
- "Sonora" (location)
- "the boys" (individuals)

But wait, the example includes "airport" and "airports" as participants. So even if it's a location, if it's part of the event, it's included. In this case, "Sonora" is a location where the prosecutors' office is located, but the event is the statement about the boys. So maybe "Sonora" is a participant because it's the location of the prosecutors' office, which is involved in the event. Alternatively, maybe "the northern state of Sonora" is considered as a participant. But the example includes "Lisbon" as a participant, so I think "Sonora" should be included here.

Also, the example includes "the same source" as a participant. In the current input, the source is "the prosecutors' office", which is already included. So in this case, the participants are:

["The prosecutors' office", "Sonora", "the boys"]

But the example output includes "airport" and "airports" as participants. So maybe even if the entity is a location, it's included. Therefore, "Sonora" should be in the list. Also, "the boys" are individuals, so they are participants.

Now, confidence scores. For "The prosecutors' office", confidence is high, maybe 0.9. "Sonora" is a location, confidence 0.8. "the boys" are individuals, confidence 0.9. Are there any other entities?

The input also mentions "the northern state of Sonora" – but "Sonora" is the main entity here. The phrase "northern state of Sonora" is a description of the location, but the entity is "Sonora". So I think "Sonora" is the correct entity here.

So the final list would be:

[
  ["The prosecutors' office", 0.9],
  ["Sonora", 0.8],
  ["the boys", 0.9]
]

I need to make sure that all participants are included. The example includes "source" as a participant. In this case, the prosecutors' office is the source, but it's already included. So no need to add "source" separately. The example also includes "the same source", but that's a reference to the same entity. So in this case, "the prosecutors' office" is the main entity, and "Sonora" is the location. The boys are the individuals involved. So that's all.
</think>

[["The prosecutors' office", 0.9], ["Sonora", 0.8], ["the boys", 0.9]]