<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided includes entities like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., with confidence scores.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "The suspect fled to Sonora, but was immediately detained and sent to Hidalgo, where the deaths occurred, to be charged."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "The suspect" – clearly a participant as the main actor.
2. "Sonora" – a location where the suspect fled. Since locations can be participants if they're involved in the event, maybe include it.
3. "Hidalgo" – another location where the suspect was sent. Again, a location involved.
4. "the deaths" – the event that occurred in Hidalgo. But wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The deaths are an event, not an entity. Maybe not include this.
5. "to be charged" – this is an action, not an entity. So probably not a participant.

Looking at the example, they included locations like "airport," "Lisbon," etc. So even though "Sonora" and "Hidalgo" are places, they might be considered participants as they are locations where events happened. However, the example didn't include "where the deaths occurred" as an entity, but "Hidalgo" was included as a location. Wait, in the example input, "Lisbon" was included multiple times. So maybe locations are considered participants if they are explicitly named.

So, "Sonora" and "Hidalgo" are locations, so they should be participants. The suspect is the main participant. The deaths are an event, not an entity, so not included. "To be charged" is an action, not an entity. 

Wait, in the example, "the airports" were included as a participant. So even if it's a plural noun, it's considered an entity. So "Sonora" and "Hidalgo" as locations would be participants. 

So the entities would be:

- "The suspect" (confidence high, maybe 0.9)
- "Sonora" (location, 0.8)
- "Hidalgo" (location, 0.8)
- "the deaths" – but the example didn't include events, only entities. So maybe not. The example included "engine failure" as "to engine" and "a stopped engine," but those are parts of the event. Wait, in the example, "engine" was included as a participant. But in the given input, "the deaths" is an event, not an entity. So perhaps "the deaths" is not a participant here. 

Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The deaths are an event, not an entity. So they might not be considered. So the participants are "The suspect," "Sonora," "Hidalgo." 

But in the example, "the airports" were included. So maybe even if it's a location, it's considered a participant. 

So the final list would be:

["The suspect", 0.9], ["Sonora", 0.8], ["Hidalgo", 0.8]

Wait, but the example included "airport" as a participant. So maybe "Sonora" and "Hidalgo" are places, so they are participants. 

I think that's it. Let me check again. The user's example included "airport," "Lisbon," etc. So locations are included. So yes, "Sonora" and "Hidalgo" are participants. The suspect is the main actor. The deaths are an event, not an entity. So they are not included. 

Therefore, the correct entities are "The suspect," "Sonora," and "Hidalgo."
</think>

[["The suspect", 0.9], ["Sonora", 0.8], ["Hidalgo", 0.8]]