<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about prosecutors, a man, the children's mother, and her children. I need to classify each of these participants according to the given classes.

First, looking at "Prosecutors". Prosecutors are people involved in legal proceedings, so they're human individuals. That should be "Per" with high confidence. 

Next, "the man". This is clearly a human individual, so "Per" again. The confidence is high here too.

"The children's mother" – this refers to a woman, a human individual. So "Per" as well. The confidence is high since it's explicitly stated.

"Her children" – these are the children, which are humans. But wait, the classes have "Nat" for animals and plants, but children are humans. So "Per" applies here. However, sometimes children might be considered as a group, but the class "Per" includes individuals or groups? Wait, the definition says "Per - entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities." So even if it's a group like "children," if they are human, they fall under "Per." But wait, the example given for "Nat" is "O cao" (the dog), which is an animal. So "her children" are humans, so "Per." But maybe "children" as a plural could be considered a group, but the class "Per" includes individuals or groups? The example given in the classes for "Per" is "O rapaz" (the boy), singular. However, the definition says "individuals, groups, organizations..." So maybe "her children" as a group would be "Per" as well. But I need to check if the class "Per" includes groups. The example given for "Org" is companies, governments, etc. So "her children" are individuals, so "Per." So all four entities are "Per." 

Wait, but the user's example in the task had "a Public Security Police" as "Org" and "source" as "Per." So "source" is a person, but "Public Security Police" is an organization. So "her children" are individuals, so "Per." Therefore, all four entities here are "Per" with high confidence. Let me check again. 

Yes, "Prosecutors" are people, "the man" is a person, "the children's mother" is a person, and "her children" are people. So all four should be "Per." The confidence for each is high, maybe 0.9 or 1.0. The only possible confusion might be "her children" as a group, but the class "Per" includes individuals, so even if it's a group of individuals, they are still classified as "Per." Therefore, the output should be all "Per" with high confidence.
</think>

<Output>[["Prosecutors", "Org", 0.95], ["the man", "Per", 0.98], ["the children's mother", "Per", 0.99], ["her children", "Per", 0.97]]</Output>