<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and they might be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

First, I need to understand the input sentence: "Prosecutors added that the man argued with the children's mother and killed her children 'in a way that caused her great pain.'" 

Breaking it down, the main entities here are the prosecutors, the man, the children's mother, and the children. The phrase "Prosecutors" is a group, so that's a participant. The "man" is an individual. The "children's mother" is another individual, and the "children" are the victims here. 

Wait, the example output included entities like "the same source" and "Lusa." So even if the entity is a role or a title, like "source," it's included. But in this case, the input doesn't mention any organizations or specific names beyond the roles. 

Let me check the example again. The example input had "a Public Security Police source" which became "a Public Security Police" and "source" as separate entities. So in the current input, "Prosecutors" is a group, "the man," "the children's mother," and "her children." 

Wait, "her children" refers to the children of the mother. But the mother is already mentioned as "the children's mother," so maybe "children" is a separate entity. However, the children are the victims here. 

I need to make sure that each participant is listed. The prosecutors are the ones making the statement. The man is the actor in the argument and killing. The mother is involved in the argument, and the children are the victims. 

So the entities would be: "Prosecutors," "the man," "the children's mother," "her children." 

Confidence scores: "Prosecutors" is clearly mentioned, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. "The man" is directly mentioned, 0.9. "The children's mother" is also directly mentioned, 0.9. "Her children" is a bit more inferred, but since the text says "killed her children," it's explicit, so maybe 0.85. 

Wait, but the example included "the same source" as an entity. In this case, "her children" is a direct reference. However, "children" might be considered a role, but since they are the victims, they are participants. 

I should also check if "Prosecutors" is a group or a role. Since it's a title, like a group, it's a participant. 

So the final list would be:

["Prosecutors", 0.95], ["the man", 0.9], ["the children's mother", 0.9], ["her children", 0.85]

I need to make sure there's no other entities. The text doesn't mention any organizations or other groups. The only participants are these four. The phrase "in a way that caused her great pain" is a description, not an entity. 

Yes, that seems right. Now, format it as a JSON-parseable list with the confidence scores.
</think>

[["Prosecutors", 0.95], ["the man", 0.9], ["the children's mother", 0.9], ["her children", 0.85]]