<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Apparently, in revenge against his wife, he killed his children," according to a statement published by the office."

First, I need to identify all entities here. Let's break it down.

The main event is someone killing his children in revenge against his wife. The participants here would be the individuals involved: the husband (he), his wife, his children. Then there's the office that published the statement. 

Wait, the statement is from the office, so the office is an entity too. The word "office" is mentioned as the publisher. But the original sentence uses "the office" without specifying which one. However, in the example provided earlier, they included entities like "Lusa.", "a Public Security Police", etc., even if they were organizations. So "the office" here would be an entity, but maybe it's too vague? But the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So perhaps "the office" is considered an entity here.

Now, checking for each part:

- "he" refers to the husband, but the name isn't given. However, the example included "a plane" and "the aircraft" as entities. So even if it's a pronoun, it's considered an entity. So "he" would be a participant. But wait, the example didn't include pronouns like "he" or "she". Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "Plane", "A plane", "The aircraft", "The plane", etc. So they included the noun phrases, even if they were pronouns? Wait, no, in the example, the input had "a plane", "the aircraft", etc. The output included those. But in the given input here, the pronouns "he" and "his" are used. The example output didn't include pronouns like "he" or "she", but maybe in this case, since the pronouns refer to specific individuals, they should be included. However, the example output included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So maybe "he" is considered an entity here. But the problem is that "he" is a pronoun without a specific name. The example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity, which is a group. So perhaps "he" is a participant, but the confidence might be lower because it's a pronoun without a name. However, the user's example included "source" as an entity, which is a role, not a specific person. So maybe "he" is a participant here.

But the user's example output included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So in this case, "the office" would be an entity. Also, "his wife" and "his children" are participants. So the participants would be:

- he (the husband)
- his wife
- his children
- the office

But wait, the example output included "the airports" as an entity. So even if it's a plural noun phrase, it's included. Similarly, "his wife" and "his children" are noun phrases. However, the example didn't include possessive pronouns like "his wife" but rather the actual entities. Wait, in the example input, the output included "the airports" and "Farnborough", "England", "Lisbon". So maybe in this case, "his wife" and "his children" are considered participants. But the example didn't include possessive forms. Hmm.

Alternatively, maybe the participants are the actual people involved, so the husband, wife, children, and the office. But since the husband isn't named, maybe the pronouns are not considered entities. However, the example included "a plane" and "the aircraft" as entities. So in this case, "he" would be a participant, even if it's a pronoun. But the confidence might be lower. Let's think.

In the example, "the same source" was included as an entity. So "he" is a pronoun referring to a person, so it's an entity. Similarly, "his wife" and "his children" are entities. The office is an entity.

So the list would be:

["he", 0.7], ["his wife", 0.8], ["his children", 0.8], ["the office", 0.7]

But wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So "the office" is similar to "source" in that it's an organization. So that's a valid entity.

But the user's example output included "Lusa." as an entity, even though it's a news agency. So "the office" is an organization here. So that's correct.

Now, the confidence scores. For "he", since it's a pronoun without a name, maybe 0.7. For "his wife" and "his children", they are specific people, so maybe 0.8 each. "the office" is an organization, so 0.7 or 0.8. But the example had "a Public Security Police" as 0.8, "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" as 0.8, etc. So maybe similar confidence here.

But the user's example output included "source" as an entity. However, in the input, the source was "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So "source" is a role, but in the output, it's included as an entity. So maybe "the office" is a role here, but in the input, it's "the office" as the publisher. So "the office" is an entity.

Therefore, the final list would be:

["he", 0.7], ["his wife", 0.8], ["his children", 0.8], ["the office", 0.7]

But wait, the example output included "the airports" as an entity. So in this case, "his wife" and "his children" are noun phrases, so they should be included. The pronouns "he" and "his" are part of the noun phrases. So "he" is a participant, "his wife" is a participant, "his children" are participants, and "the office" is a participant.

I think that's the correct approach. Now, checking for any other possible entities. The statement is published by the office, so "the office" is the publisher. No other entities are mentioned. So the final answer should be those four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["he", 0.7], ["his wife", 0.8], ["his children", 0.8], ["the office", 0.7]]