<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a Portuguese sentence, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

First, I'll look at each entity one by one. 

Starting with "unidade hospitalar". The term "unidade hospitalar" translates to "hospital unit" or "hospital ward". That sounds like a facility, right? Because it's part of a hospital, which is a facility. So I'd classify that as "Fac".

Next is "posto da GNR". GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is the Portuguese National Republican Guard. A "posto" would be a station or outpost. So "posto da GNR" is a facility, specifically a police station or a GNR station. That's "Fac" again.

Then "Cabeceiras". This is a proper noun, likely a place name. Checking the context, it's mentioned as "em Cabeceiras", which means "in Cabeceiras". So this is a location. The class here would be "Loc" (Location). Wait, but the example had "Pl_capital" for Lisboa. Hmm, but the classes here are more general. The user's classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Cabeceiras" is a location, so "Loc".

Lastly, "juiz de instrução". That translates to "instruction judge" or "judge of instruction", which is a judicial role. Since it's a person holding that position, it should be classified as "Per" (Person).

Wait, but in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person), and "a mesma fonte" as well. So "juiz de instrução" is a person, so "Per".

Let me double-check each classification:

- "unidade hospitalar" → Facility (Fac)
- "posto da GNR" → Facility (Fac)
- "Cabeceiras" → Location (Loc)
- "juiz de instrução" → Person (Per)

That seems right. I don't see any other possible classifications here. The user's example used "Pl_capital" for Lisboa, but in this case, the classes are more general. The user's instruction says to use the classes as listed: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Cabeceiras" is a location, so "Loc". The other entities are either facilities or a person.
</think>

[["unidade hospitalar", "Fac"], ["posto da GNR", "Fac"], ["Cabeceiras", "Loc"], ["juiz de instrução", "Per"]]