<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is in Portuguese, so I need to make sure I understand the context. The sentence is about a detainee with criminal records who was presented for a judicial interrogation in Matosinhos, where preventive detention was applied, according to a statement.

Now, identifying participants. The main entities here are:

1. "O detido" – the detainee. This is a person involved, so definitely a participant. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.
2. "com antecedentes criminais pela prática deste tipo de crime" – this is a description of the detainee, not a separate entity. So probably not included.
3. "primeiro interrogatório judicial" – a judicial proceeding, but not an entity. Maybe not a participant.
4. "na quarta-feira" – a time, not an entity.
5. "Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos" – a judicial institution, so an organization. Confidence around 0.9.
6. "medida de coação de prisão preventiva" – a legal measure, not an entity.
7. "comunicado" – the statement, which is an entity (the document or source). Confidence maybe 0.8.

Wait, the example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In this case, the "comunicado" is the source, so that's a participant. Also, the "Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos" is an organization involved. The detainee is a person. 

I should check if "comunicado" is considered a participant. Since it's the source of the information, maybe it's included. Also, the "Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos" is an entity involved in the event. 

Are there any other entities? The sentence mentions "o detido" and the tribunal. The "comunicado" is the document that reports the event. So the participants would be:

- "O detido"
- "Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos"
- "comunicado"

Wait, the example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In this case, the "comunicado" is the source, so that's similar. 

So the list would be:

["O detido", 0.95], ["Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos", 0.9], ["comunicado", 0.8]

But I need to check if "comunicado" is a participant. Since it's the entity that issued the statement, it's part of the context. The example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants, so "comunicado" would be similar. 

Also, in the example, "a agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" were included. Here, the "comunicado" is the source, so it's a participant. 

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any other entities. The time, the day, the legal terms are not entities. The "medida de coação" is a legal term, not an entity. So the final list should be those three.
</think>

[["O detido", 0.95], ["Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos", 0.9], ["comunicado", 0.8]]