<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is a sentence in Portuguese about a detained person being brought to a judicial court for the first interrogation, where preventive detention was applied, according to a communiqué.

The participants to classify are: "O detido", "Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos", and "comunicado".

Starting with "O detido". The term "detido" translates to "detained person" or "the detainee". Since this refers to a human individual involved in the event, the class should be "Per" (Person). Confidence here is high, around 0.95, as it's clearly a person.

Next, "Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos". This is the name of a court. Courts are facilities, so the class should be "Fac" (Facility). The confidence is also high, maybe 0.9, because it's a specific judicial institution, which is a type of facility.

Lastly, "comunicado". This means "communiqué" or "statement". The communiqué is a document or a message, which doesn't fit into the other categories like Org, Obj, etc. According to the classes, "Loc" is for places not fitting other Pl_ values, but "comunicado" isn't a place. The "Other" category is for entities not fitting elsewhere. However, looking at the examples, "Other" includes things like smells or non-physical entities. But "comunicado" is a document, which might be considered an object. Wait, the Obj class is for tangible, manmade objects. A communiqué is a document, which is a manmade object, so maybe "Obj". But the example given for "Other" includes "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt), which is non-tangible. However, "comunicado" is a document, which is a physical object if printed, but in context, it's more likely a document or a statement, which could be considered an object. Alternatively, if it's a source like a report, maybe "Org"? But the example in the input had "à agência Lusa" classified as "Org". However, "comunicado" here is the source of the information, but in the example, "comunicado" is the entity, not the organization. Wait, in the example given in the task, "comunicado" is the entity, and in the output, it's classified as "Other" with confidence 0.8. Wait, no, looking back at the example provided in the task, the user provided an example where "comunicado" was part of the input. Wait, no, the user's example input had "comunicado" as a participant, and the output for that was ["comunicado", "Other", 0.8]. Wait, but in the example given in the task, the user's example input was different. Let me check again.

Wait, the user provided an example where in the input, the participants included "comunicado", and in the output, it was classified as "Other" with confidence 0.8. But in the current task, the participants are "O detido", "Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos", and "comunicado". So, in this case, "comunicado" is the source of the information, but it's not an organization, person, or facility. It's a document or a statement. According to the classes, "Other" is for entities not fitting into the other categories. The example given for "Other" is "um cheiro a queimado", which is a non-physical entity. However, "comunicado" is a document, which is a tangible object. But the Obj class is for tangible, manmade objects. If "comunicado" is a physical document, then it's Obj. However, in the context, it's more likely referring to the content or the statement itself, which is abstract. But the example in the task's initial instructions had "comunicado" classified as "Other". Wait, looking back at the initial example given by the user:

In the example input, the participants included "comunicado", and the output was ["comunicado", "Other", 0.8]. So in that case, "comunicado" was classified as "Other". Therefore, following that example, "comunicado" here should be "Other" with a confidence around 0.8.

So, putting it all together:

- "O detido" → Per (Person)
- "Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos" → Fac (Facility)
- "comunicado" → Other (as per the example)
</think>

<Output>[["O detido", "Per", 0.95], ["Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos", "Fac", 0.9], ["comunicado", "Other", 0.8]]</Output>