<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and they might be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "The 52-year-old man was hit in the legs by rubber bullets." 

Looking for entities here. The main participant is "The 52-year-old man" – that's an individual. Then there's "rubber bullets," which are objects used in the action. But wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The man is clearly impacted. The rubber bullets are the means by which he was hit, but are they considered participants? The example in the task included things like "to engine" and "a stopped engine," which are parts of the event. However, in the example output, "engine" was listed as a participant. So maybe objects involved in the action are included.

But wait, the example output also included "source" and "the same source," which are entities. So in the given input, "rubber bullets" are the agent causing the action. However, the definition mentions participants can be actors, agents, patients, victims, observers. Here, the man is the victim, and the rubber bullets are the agent. But are rubber bullets considered an entity? They are an object, but not an organization or group. The example included "engine" as a participant, so maybe objects are included if they are part of the event.

But the user's example output included "to engine" and "engine" as separate entities. However, in the input sentence, "rubber bullets" are the object used. So perhaps "rubber bullets" should be included as a participant. However, the example output didn't include "bullets" in the example given. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "engine" and "a stopped engine," which are parts of the plane's issue. So maybe any object that is part of the event is considered a participant. So in this case, "rubber bullets" would be a participant as the agent causing the action.

But wait, the definition says participants are entities that are actively involved or impacted. The man is impacted, the rubber bullets are the means by which the action was done. However, the bullets themselves are not an entity like a person or organization. The example included "engine" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe even objects are considered participants if they are part of the event.

Alternatively, maybe the user is looking for named entities. The example output included "Lusa.", "Public Security Police", "Jota Aviation", "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", etc., which are proper nouns. In the current input, "rubber bullets" is a common noun, not a proper noun. So perhaps only named entities are considered. But in the example, "engine" was included as a participant, which is a common noun. So that's conflicting.

Wait, the example output includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So even common nouns are included. So in the current input, "rubber bullets" would be a participant. But the man is also a participant. So the participants would be "The 52-year-old man" and "rubber bullets."

But the example output also included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So locations and objects are included. Therefore, in this case, the participants would be:

- The 52-year-old man (the victim)
- rubber bullets (the agent causing the action)

But wait, the example output included "to engine" and "engine" as separate entities. However, in the current input, "rubber bullets" is a single entity. So I should list both the man and the rubber bullets as participants. 

But the user's example output also included "source" and "the same source," which are entities. So in the current input, the only entities are the man and the rubber bullets. 

Wait, but the user's example output included "Lusa." as a participant. So in the input, "Lusa" is a news agency, hence a proper noun. In the current input, there's no such proper noun. So the only participants would be "The 52-year-old man" and "rubber bullets."

But I need to check if "rubber bullets" are considered a participant. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The man is impacted, and the rubber bullets are the means by which the action was done. However, the bullets themselves are not an entity like a person or organization. The example included "engine" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe objects involved in the event are considered participants. Therefore, "rubber bullets" should be included.

So the final list would be:

["The 52-year-old man", 0.95], ["rubber bullets", 0.8]

But wait, the example output had "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entries. However, in the current input, "rubber bullets" is a single entity. So maybe "rubber bullets" is the only entity here. But the man is also a participant. So both should be included.

Confidence scores: The man is clearly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). Rubber bullets are the object used, but since they are part of the event, maybe 0.8. However, the example included "engine" with 1.0? Wait, looking at the example output:

In the example, the output includes "engine" with 1.0? Let me check the example again. The example input had "engine failure" and "a stopped engine," and the output included "engine" with confidence 1.0? Wait, the example output is:

["Plane", "to engine", "A plane", "engine", "the aircraft", "a stopped engine", "The aircraft", "The plane", "airport", "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", "the airports", "Farnborough", "England", "Lisbon", "Lusa.", "a Public Security Police", "airline Jota Aviation", "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", "source", "the same source", "Lisbon", "website."]

Wait, but the example output is a list of strings, not the JSON format. The user's example output is a list of entities, but the actual correct format is JSON with each entity and confidence. However, the user's example shows that the output is a list of entities, but the task requires JSON with confidence. So in the example, the user provided an output that is a list of entities, but the correct answer should be in JSON with confidence.

But in the current task, the user is asking for the output in JSON format with confidence. So for the input "The 52-year-old man was hit in the legs by rubber bullets," the participants would be:

- The 52-year-old man (high confidence)
- rubber bullets (moderate confidence)

But I need to check if "rubber bullets" is considered a participant. Since the definition includes objects involved in the event, I think so. Therefore, the JSON output would be:

[["The 52-year-old man", 0.95], ["rubber bullets", 0.8]]
</think>

[["The 52-year-old man", 0.95], ["rubber bullets", 0.8]]