<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "As the case involved firearms, the Judiciary Police will be informed of details, said the source."

First, I need to identify all entities here. Let's break it down.

"Judiciary Police" is definitely an organization involved here. They are being informed, so they are participants. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

"The source" is mentioned as the one speaking. Even though it's not named, it's a participant. But wait, the example output included "source" as an entity. So maybe "the source" should be included. However, the example also had "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entries. So here, "the source" is a participant. Confidence might be lower since it's not named, maybe 0.7.

"firearms" is mentioned as part of the case. But are firearms considered participants? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. Firearms are an object involved in the case, but not an entity like a person or organization. The example included "to engine" and "a stopped engine" which are objects. Wait, in the example, "engine" was included. So maybe objects are considered participants if they are part of the event. But the example also had "airport" and "airports" as participants. Hmm. So maybe "firearms" should be included here as a participant. But I need to check if the definition includes objects. The definition says participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. "Other entities" might include objects. So "firearms" could be a participant. But the example included "engine" as a participant. However, in the example, "engine" was part of the event (engine failure). So maybe "firearms" is a participant here. But I'm not sure. The user might expect only named entities. Wait, the example includes "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entries. So maybe even parts of objects are considered. But in this case, "firearms" is a noun phrase. So perhaps "firearms" is a participant. But I need to check if that's the case. Alternatively, maybe "firearms" is just an object involved, not a participant. The user's example included "engine" as a participant, so maybe "firearms" should be included here. However, the example also included "airport" and "airports" as participants. So maybe any noun that's part of the event is considered a participant. But I'm not entirely sure. Let me think again. The definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. Firearms are involved in the case, so they are part of the event. So maybe "firearms" is a participant. But the example had "engine" as a participant. So I'll include "firearms" here with a confidence of maybe 0.8.

Then, "the case" is mentioned. Is "the case" a participant? The case is the event itself, not an entity involved. So probably not. The example didn't include "case" as a participant. So maybe not.

So the participants would be:

- Judiciary Police (organization, high confidence)
- the source (entity, medium confidence)
- firearms (object involved, medium confidence)

Wait, but in the example, "the same source" was included. So "the source" here is a participant. Also, "firearms" as part of the case. But maybe the user expects only named entities. However, the example included "a Public Security Police" which is an organization, and "source" as a participant. So "the source" is included here. So I think the answer would be:

["Judiciary Police", 0.95], ["the source", 0.7], ["firearms", 0.8]

But I need to check if "firearms" is considered a participant. If the user's example included "engine" as a participant, then "firearms" should be included. So I'll go with that.
</think>

[["Judiciary Police", 0.95], ["the source", 0.7], ["firearms", 0.8]]