<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence where I need to classify each of the given participants into one of the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, I'll look at the input sentence again: "In addition to the dead, four other people were hospitalized after a wall fell onto a neighboring house, which collapsed on impact." The participants to classify are ["the dead", "four other people", "a wall", "a neighboring house"].

Starting with "the dead". The term "the dead" refers to people who died in the incident. Since the class "Person" is for people, this should be "Person". 

Next, "four other people". This clearly refers to individuals, so that's also "Person".

Then "a wall". A wall is a physical structure, so that's an "Object".

Lastly, "a neighboring house". A house is a building, which would fall under "Facility" since it's a structure used for living. But wait, sometimes "Facility" might be more for places like airports or buildings with specific functions. However, a house is a type of building, so maybe "Facility" is correct here. Alternatively, if "Facility" is reserved for non-residential buildings, maybe "Object" or "Location"? Hmm. The example given in the initial task had "airport" classified as "Fac", so "house" might be "Fac" as well. But I need to check the classes again. The classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. "Facility" is a class, so a house is a facility. So "a neighboring house" would be "Fac".

Wait, but in the example, "airport" was "Fac", so maybe "house" is also "Fac". Alternatively, maybe "Location" if it's a place. But the house itself is an object, but as a structure, maybe "Facility". I think "Facility" is more appropriate here. 

So the classifications would be:

- the dead: Person
- four other people: Person
- a wall: Object
- a neighboring house: Facility

I need to make sure there's no other possible classes. "Nature" is for natural elements, which doesn't fit here. "Location" might be for places like cities or regions, but "house" is a structure, so "Facility" makes sense. "Object" is for things that aren't facilities, but a wall is an object. So yes, that seems right.
</think>

[["the dead", "Per"], ["four other people", "Per"], ["a wall", "Obj"], ["a neighboring house", "Fac"]]