<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each participant listed into one of the given classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, I'll look at the input sentence again: "A GNR apreendeu armas de fogo e constituiu arguido um homem de 47 anos, suspeito de exercer violência doméstica sobre ex-companheira, no concelho de Belmonte." 

The participants to classify are ["GNR", "armas de fogo", "um homem de 47 anos", "ex-companheira", "no concelho de Belmonte", "Belmonte"]. 

Starting with "GNR": I know that GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is a Portuguese national police force. So that's an organization. 

Next, "armas de fogo" translates to "firearms" or "fire arms." These are objects, so that's the Object class.

"um homem de 47 anos" is a man, so that's a person. 

"ex-companheira" means "ex-partner" or "ex-girlfriend," which is also a person. 

"no concelho de Belmonte" – "concelho" is a municipality, so this refers to the location of Belmonte. The preposition "no" (in the) might be part of the phrase, but the main entity here is the location. However, the exact classification might depend on whether it's a specific location or a general term. Since "concelho" is a type of administrative division, it's a location. 

"Belmonte" is a place name, specifically a municipality in Portugal. So that's a location as well. 

Wait, but the example given in the task had "Lisboa" classified as "Pl_capital" (probably a place with a specific type, like capital). However, in the current task, the classes are more general: Location, Facility, etc. So maybe "Belmonte" is a Location, and "no concelho de Belmonte" is also a Location, but perhaps more specific. However, the example had "aeroporto" as Facility, so maybe "concelho" is a type of location. 

But according to the classes provided, "Location" is one of the categories. So both "no concelho de Belmonte" and "Belmonte" would be Location. 

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital" which might be a sub-type, but the user's instruction says to use the classes as given: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "Pl_capital" might not be a valid class here. Wait, looking back at the example output, the user had "Lisboa" classified as "Pl_capital" but the classes listed are "Location". Hmm, maybe that was a mistake in the example, but the user's instruction says to use the classes as specified. Wait, the example output shows "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", but the classes listed are "Location, Nature, Facility, etc." Maybe that's a typo, and the actual classes are "Location" with subtypes like "Pl_capital", but the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. Wait, the original task says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the example might have used subtypes like "Pl_capital" but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. However, in the example output, they have entries like ["Lisboa", "Pl_capital"], which seems to be a sub-type. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. This is a bit confusing. However, the user provided an example where they used "Pl_capital" as a class, but the original classes listed are "Location". Maybe the user made a mistake in the example, but the correct approach is to follow the classes as given. However, the example might have used more specific subtypes. But since the user hasn't clarified, perhaps I should follow the example's approach. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the example might have used "Pl_capital" as a sub-type of Location, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. However, the example output includes "Pl_capital", which isn't in the list. This is conflicting. 

But looking back at the user's example, the input was about an airport, and the participants included "aeroporto" which was classified as "Fac" (Facility). "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which might be a mistake. But since the user provided that example, perhaps the correct approach is to follow the example's classification, even if it's not matching the main classes. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. This is a bit confusing. 

Alternatively, maybe "Pl_capital" is a typo for "Location" (capital city). But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. So perhaps the example is incorrect, and the correct classes are the main ones. Therefore, "Lisboa" should be "Location", not "Pl_capital". 

But in the example, the user had "Lisboa" classified as "Pl_capital", which might be a mistake. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. Therefore, I should follow the main classes. 

So, for the current task, the participants are:

- GNR: Organization
- armas de fogo: Object
- um homem de 47 anos: Person
- ex-companheira: Person
- no concelho de Belmonte: Location (since it's a municipality)
- Belmonte: Location

But wait, "no concelho de Belmonte" is a prepositional phrase, but the main entity is "concelho de Belmonte", which is a location. However, the exact entity to classify is "no concelho de Belmonte", which includes the preposition. In the example, they had "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" classified as "Fac" (Facility). So even with the preposition, it's still considered a Facility. Similarly, "no concelho de Belmonte" would be a Location. 

Therefore, the classifications would be:

["GNR", "Org"], ["armas de fogo", "Obj"], ["um homem de 47 anos", "Per"], ["ex-companheira", "Per"], ["no concelho de Belmonte", "Loc"], ["Belmonte", "Loc"]
</think>

[["GNR", "Org"], ["armas de fogo", "Obj"], ["um homem de 47 anos", "Per"], ["ex-companheira", "Per"], ["no concelho de Belmonte", "Loc"], ["Belmonte", "Loc"]]