<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence "Man dies in motorcycle crash in Celorico da Beira". The participants to classify are "Man", "motorcycle", and "Celorico da Beira".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had entries like "Plane" classified as Object, "airport" as Facility, and "Lisbon" as a capital city (Pl_capital). So, I need to apply similar logic here.

Starting with "Man". The term "Man" refers to a person, so that should be "Person" class. But wait, in the example, "source" was classified as "Per" (probably short for Person). So "Man" here is a person, so "Person".

Next, "motorcycle". A motorcycle is an object, so "Object" class. The example had "engine" as Object, so that fits.

Then "Celorico da Beira". That looks like a place name. The example had "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital" (probably a specific subclass for capital cities). Celorico da Beira is a municipality in Portugal, so it's a location. But in the classes, "Location" is a category. However, in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which might be a more specific subclass under Location. But the user's classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So maybe "Celorico da Beira" is a Location. However, in the example, "airport" was classified as "Fac" (Facility), and "the airports" as "Fac" as well. But "Celorico da Beira" is a town, so it's a Location. Wait, but the example had "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital", which might be a specific type of Location. However, the user's classes don't have subcategories like Pl_capital; the example output included those, but maybe that's part of the classification. Wait, looking back at the example output, the classes were things like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", "Pl_country", etc. But the original classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example used more specific labels, but the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example output, they used "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", etc. That seems conflicting. Wait, maybe there's a misunderstanding here. Let me check the original problem again.

Looking back, the user provided an example where the output had entries like "Lisbon" classified as "Pl_capital", but the classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example used more specific labels, but the user is now asking to use the main classes. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" as a class. That seems inconsistent. However, the user's example might have been using a different classification schema. But the current task is to follow the classes as listed. Therefore, perhaps the example was using a different approach, but the current task is to use the main classes. However, the user's example output includes "Pl_capital" as a class, which might be a mistake. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. This is confusing.

Wait, looking at the user's example input and output again:

In the example input, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the classes listed, the options are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Pl_capital" isn't one of the classes. This suggests that perhaps the example was using a different set of classes, but the user is now asking to use the classes as listed. Therefore, maybe the example was incorrect, and the user wants the current classification to use the main classes.

Alternatively, maybe the user intended that "Pl_capital" is part of the Location class. But the original instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, perhaps the example is outdated, and the current task should use the main classes. However, the user's example shows that "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is not in the main classes. This is conflicting.

Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the example might have been using a different classification, but the current task should follow these classes. Therefore, for the current task, "Celorico da Beira" is a Location. So the classification would be:

"Man" → Person

"motorcycle" → Object

"Celorico da Beira" → Location

But in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is not in the main classes. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, perhaps the example was incorrect, and the current task should use the main classes. Therefore, the answer would be:

[["Man", "Person"], ["motorcycle", "Object"], ["Celorico da Beira", "Location"]]

But I need to make sure. Let me check again.

The user's example output included entries like "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital", but the classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example was using a different classification schema, but the user's current task is to use the classes as listed. Therefore, "Celorico da Beira" is a Location. So the answer would be as above.
</think>

[["Man", "Person"], ["motorcycle", "Object"], ["Celorico da Beira", "Location"]]