<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand each of the classes and how they apply to the given participants. Let me go through each entity one by one.

Starting with "house". The context mentions it's a house that wasn't inhabited and there's suspicion of arson. Since a house is a manmade object, it should fall under Obj. I'm pretty confident here, maybe 0.95.

Next, "Leonel Correia da Silva". This is a person's name, specifically a councilor. So that's Per. Confidence is high, around 0.98.

Then, "councilor of Câmara de Lobos". This seems like a title or position. The councilor is a person, but the phrase here might be referring to the role. Wait, but the class Per is for human individuals or characters. If it's the title, maybe it's an Org? Wait, no, the councilor is a person. But the phrase is "councilor of Câmara de Lobos" which might be the role. Hmm. Wait, the example given in the classes for Org includes companies, governments, teams, etc. But "councilor of Câmara de Lobos" is a position held by a person. However, in the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org. Wait, but in the previous example, "source" was classified as Per. So maybe if it's a title, like "councilor of...", it's a role, but the actual person is Leonel Correia da Silva. Wait, but the participant here is "councilor of Câmara de Lobos" as a phrase. Maybe that's an Org? Or is it a Per? Because the councilor is a person. But the phrase is the title. Hmm, this is tricky. Let me check the definitions again. Per is for human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. So if the entity is the title, but it's referring to the person, then it's Per. But if it's the organization, like Câmara de Lobos, then that's an Org. Wait, "councilor of Câmara de Lobos" is the role, but the actual person is Leonel Correia da Silva. So maybe the entity here is the title, which is a role, but the class would be Per because it's a person's role. Or maybe it's an Org? I'm a bit confused here. Let me think again. In the previous example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org. But "councilor of Câmara de Lobos" is a position, not an organization. So perhaps it's Per, as it refers to the person holding the position. But the phrase itself is the title. Alternatively, maybe it's an Org if Câmara de Lobos is the organization. Wait, "Câmara de Lobos" is the name of the council, which would be an Org. But the participant here is "councilor of Câmara de Lobos", which is the title of the person. So maybe it's Per. But I'm not entirely sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "source" was classified as Per, which is a person. So if "councilor of Câmara de Lobos" is referring to the person, then it's Per. But if it's referring to the position or the organization, it might be different. Hmm. Maybe I should go with Per here, as it's a person's title. Confidence around 0.8.

Next, "Câmara de Lobos". This is the name of a local council, which is an organization. So that's Org. Confidence high, 0.95.

Lastly, "Lusa agency". This is an organization, similar to "Lusa" in the previous example, which was classified as Org. So "Lusa agency" is Org. Confidence 0.95.

Wait, but in the previous example, "Lusa." was classified as Org. Here, "Lusa agency" is the same, so Org. Yes.

So putting it all together:

- house: Obj
- Leonel Correia da Silva: Per
- councilor of Câmara de Lobos: Per (maybe, but I'm a bit uncertain)
- Câmara de Lobos: Org
- Lusa agency: Org

I think that's the correct classification. Let me check again for any mistakes. The "councilor of Câmara de Lobos" is a person's role, so Per. The "Câmara de Lobos" is the organization, so Org. The rest seem straightforward.
</think>

<Output>[["house", "Obj", 0.95], ["Leonel Correia da Silva", "Per", 0.98], ["councilor of Câmara de Lobos", "Per", 0.8], ["Câmara de Lobos", "Org", 0.95], ["Lusa agency", "Org", 0.95]]</Output>