<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even phrases like "to engine" or "a stopped engine" are included, so I need to be thorough.

Looking at the input: "The mayor mentioned that the house 'had no maintenance and was completely uninhabitable', adding that the 'damage caused by the fire is only material'."

First, identify explicit mentions. "The mayor" is clearly a participant. Then, "the house" is an entity involved. The fire is an event, but is it a participant? The definition says participants can be entities impacted, so maybe "fire" is a participant. However, in the example, "engine" was included as a participant. But here, the fire is the cause of damage, so maybe it's a participant. 

Next, "the damage" is a result, but is it a participant? The example included "a stopped engine" as a participant, so perhaps "damage caused by the fire" is a participant. However, the example also included "the same source" as a participant, which is a group. 

Wait, the example output included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entities. So in this case, "fire" and "damage caused by the fire" might be participants. Also, "the house" is an entity impacted. 

But the user's example output had "the same source" as a participant, which refers to a group. Here, "the mayor" is an individual, so that's a participant. The house is an entity. The fire is an event, but is it considered an entity? The definition says participants can be entities, so maybe. 

However, the example didn't include events like "engine failure" as participants, but rather the objects involved. Wait, in the example, "engine" and "a stopped engine" were included. So maybe the fire is a participant here. 

But the user's example also included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In the input, "the mayor" is a participant, "the house" is an entity, "the fire" is an event, and "damage" is a result. 

Wait, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The fire is the cause, so it's an agent. The house is impacted. The mayor is a participant as the speaker. The damage is a result, but maybe not a participant. 

Hmm, this is tricky. Let me check the example again. The example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So in this case, "fire" and "damage caused by the fire" might be considered participants. 

But the example also included "Lusa." and "source" as participants. So in this case, "the mayor" is a participant, "the house" is an entity, "fire" is an event, and "damage caused by the fire" is a result. 

I think the key is to include any noun phrases that are entities involved or impacted. So "the mayor", "the house", "the fire", "the damage caused by the fire". 

But wait, the example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So in this case, maybe "the house" and "the fire" are participants. 

I need to make sure not to miss any. Let me list them:

- The mayor (individual)
- the house (entity)
- the fire (event)
- the damage caused by the fire (result, but is it a participant?)

The example included "damage" as part of the entity, like "a stopped engine". So maybe "damage caused by the fire" is a participant. 

So the output would be:

["The mayor", 1.0], ["the house", 1.0], ["the fire", 0.8], ["the damage caused by the fire", 0.7]

But wait, the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entities. So here, "fire" and "damage caused by the fire" might be separate. 

But the user's example also included "the same source" as a participant. In this case, "the mayor" is a participant, "the house" is an entity, "the fire" is an event, and "the damage caused by the fire" is a result. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The input mentions the mayor, the house, the fire, and the damage. So those are the participants. The confidence levels: "the mayor" is certain (1.0), "the house" is certain (1.0), "the fire" is 0.8, and "the damage caused by the fire" is 0.7. 

But maybe "damage" is not a participant. Wait, the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So in this case, "fire" is an event, so it's a participant. The damage is a result, but maybe not a participant. 

Alternatively, the damage is a result of the fire, so it's an entity impacted. So maybe "the damage" is a participant. But the exact phrase is "the damage caused by the fire is only material". So "the damage caused by the fire" is the entity. 

So the final list would be:

["The mayor", 1.0], ["the house", 1.0], ["the fire", 0.8], ["the damage caused by the fire", 0.7]
</think>

[["The mayor", 1.0], ["the house", 1.0], ["the fire", 0.8], ["the damage caused by the fire", 0.7]]