<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "De acordo com a polícia, “um homem entrou com uma viatura dentro” do Estádio da Luz, na freguesia de São Domingos de Benfica, e o incidente ocorreu pelas 15:00."

Breaking this down, the main event is a man entering a vehicle into the Estádio da Luz. The participants here would be the man, the vehicle, the stadium, the police, and possibly the location (São Domingos de Benfica). 

Starting with "um homem" – that's clearly a participant, the actor. Then "uma viatura" (a vehicle) is the object he used. The stadium, "Estádio da Luz," is the location where the incident happened, so that's a participant. The police are mentioned as the source of the information, so they're involved. The freguesia (parish) of São Domingos de Benfica is part of the location details, so that's another entity. 

I need to check if all instances are captured. The text mentions "a polícia" and "o incidente ocorreu pelas 15:00." The time might not be a participant, but the location parts are. Also, "Estádio da Luz" is a specific place, so it's a participant. The phrase "na freguesia de São Domingos de Benfica" refers to the parish, so that's another entity. 

Now, considering the example given in the task, they included repeated mentions like "Avião" and "o motor" multiple times. So even if the same entity is mentioned again, each occurrence is listed separately. For instance, "a polícia" and "a polícia" would both be included if they appear again. 

In the input here, "a polícia" is mentioned once, "um homem" once, "uma viatura" once, "Estádio da Luz" once, "São Domingos de Benfica" once. The time is not an entity, so it's excluded. 

Confidence scores: I'm pretty confident about the man, the vehicle, the stadium, the police, and the parish. The scores should be high, maybe 0.9 or 1.0. The example had some entries with 0.6, but those might be less certain. Here, all the entities are clearly mentioned, so I can assign higher confidence. 

So the final list would be:

["um homem", 1.0], ["uma viatura", 1.0], ["Estádio da Luz", 1.0], ["a polícia", 1.0], ["São Domingos de Benfica", 1.0]

Wait, the example included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a separate entity. Similarly, here "do Estádio da Luz" and "na freguesia de São Domingos de Benfica" might be considered as separate entities. So "Estádio da Luz" and "São Domingos de Benfica" are both participants. Also, "a polícia" is a participant. 

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any. The text doesn't mention any other entities. The time is just a time stamp, not a participant. So the list should be as above.
</think>

[["um homem", 1.0], ["uma viatura", 1.0], ["Estádio da Luz", 1.0], ["a polícia", 1.0], ["São Domingos de Benfica", 1.0]]