<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., and even things like "o motor" (the engine) if they are involved in the event.

First, I need to read the input text carefully. The input is: "O condutor acabou por ser detido, mas a PSP explicou que a detenção poderá não estar relacionada com esta infração, sem adiantar mais informações."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are:

1. "O condutor" – the driver. This is a person involved in the situation. The confidence here is high because it's explicitly mentioned as the one being detained. So maybe 0.95.

2. "a PSP" – PSP is the Polícia de Segurança Pública, a police force in Portugal. They are mentioned as explaining the detention. Definitely a participant. Confidence around 0.9.

3. "a detenção" – the detention itself. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The detention is an event, not an entity. Hmm, but in the example, they included "a aeronave" (the aircraft) and "o motor" (the engine). So maybe "a detenção" is considered an event, not a participant. But the example output included "a aterragem de emergência" (emergency landing) as a participant? Wait, looking back at the example output, they have "a aeronave" and "um motor", but not the event itself. So maybe "a detenção" isn't a participant here. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "Avião", "o motor", etc., which are entities. The event (emergency landing) isn't listed as a participant. So "a detenção" might not be a participant. The participants are the entities involved, not the events. So maybe "a detenção" isn't a participant here. So I should exclude that.

Then, "a infração" – the infraction. Again, this is an event or a legal term, not an entity. So probably not a participant.

Other possible entities: "a PSP" is already covered. "O condutor" is the main person. Are there any other entities? The text mentions "a PSP explicou", so "a PSP" is the organization. The rest is about the detention and the explanation. No other entities are mentioned. So the participants would be "O condutor" and "a PSP".

Wait, but in the example, they included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source). In the input text, "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" is mentioned. So maybe "a fonte" is a participant. However, in the current input, the only entities are "O condutor" and "a PSP". The text says "a PSP explicou", so "a PSP" is the organization. There's no mention of a source here. So maybe only those two.

Wait, the input is: "O condutor acabou por ser detido, mas a PSP explicou que a detenção poderá não estar relacionada com esta infração, sem adiantar mais informações."

So "O condutor" is the person detained. "a PSP" is the police force that explained. Are there any other entities? The "infração" is the infraction, but that's an event, not an entity. So the participants are "O condutor" and "a PSP".

But wait, the example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In the example input, the source was mentioned as "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública", so "fonte" was extracted. In the current input, there's no mention of a source, just "a PSP explicou". So "a PSP" is the organization, not a source. So maybe "a PSP" is the participant here.

So the final list would be:

["O condutor", 0.95], ["a PSP", 0.9]

I need to make sure there's no other entities. The word "detenção" is an event, not an entity. "Infração" is also an event. So no other participants. The confidence scores are based on how explicitly they are mentioned. "O condutor" is directly mentioned as the one being detained, so high confidence. "a PSP" is explicitly mentioned as the organization explaining, so high confidence as well. I think that's all.
</think>

[["O condutor", 0.95], ["a PSP", 0.9]]