<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example given shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., and even things like "o motor" (the engine) if they are relevant.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "A polícia disse que não dispunha de informações que confirmassem até onde chegou o condutor dentro das instalações do estádio do Benfica."

Breaking this down, the main entities here are "A polícia" (the police), "o condutor" (the driver), and "estádio do Benfica" (Benfica Stadium). The police are mentioned as the speaker, so they are a participant. The driver is the one whose actions are being discussed, so they are a participant too. The Benfica Stadium is the location where the driver was inside, so that's another participant.

Wait, but the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The stadium itself is a location, but maybe it's considered an entity here. The example included "aeroporto" (airport) as a participant, so maybe locations are included if they are part of the event. So "estádio do Benfica" should be included.

Other possible entities: "informações" (information) might not be a participant. "dispunha" (had) is a verb, not an entity. "que confirmassem" (that confirmed) is a clause, not an entity. "até onde chegou" (how far he got) is a phrase, not an entity. So the main ones are "A polícia", "o condutor", and "estádio do Benfica".

Now, checking for duplicates. The example had repeated entries like "Avião" and "o motor" multiple times. In this case, "A polícia" and "o condutor" are mentioned once each. "estádio do Benfica" is mentioned once. Are there any other entities?

Wait, "Benfica" is part of the stadium's name. Should "Benfica" be a separate entity? The example included "Lisboa" multiple times, so maybe locations are included as they are. But in this case, the full name is "estádio do Benfica", so that's the entity. "Benfica" alone might not be a participant unless it's an organization. But Benfica is a football club, so maybe "Clube do Benfica" is the full name. However, the text says "estádio do Benfica", so the stadium is the entity here. So I think "estádio do Benfica" is the correct entity.

Confidence scores: "A polícia" is explicitly mentioned, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. "o condutor" is also explicitly mentioned, 0.9. "estádio do Benfica" is the location, so 0.85. Are there any others? The example included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source), but in this case, the police are the source. Wait, in the input, "A polícia disse..." so "A polícia" is the speaker, so that's a participant. The driver is the subject of the statement. The stadium is the location where the driver was. So those three are the main participants.

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any. The sentence structure is straightforward. No other entities are mentioned. So the final list should be those three with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["A polícia", 0.95], ["o condutor", 0.9], ["estádio do Benfica", 0.85]]