<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input text: "At issue are the Monalisa Residence hotels, in Talatona, the Torres Eucaliptos real estate project, the Instituto Sapiens building and the Luanda Medical Center (LMC) building, located on Rua Amílcar Cabral, in the Ingombota district, all in Luanda."

I need to identify all the entities here. Let's break it down:

1. "Monalisa Residence hotels" – this is a hotel, so an organization or entity. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.
2. "Talatona" – a location, but is it a participant? The definition includes entities impacted by the event. Since it's mentioned as the location of the hotel, maybe it's a participant. But I'm not sure. Maybe 0.7?
3. "Torres Eucaliptos real estate project" – a project, so an entity. High confidence, 0.95.
4. "Instituto Sapiens building" – another building, entity. 0.95.
5. "Luanda Medical Center (LMC) building" – another entity. 0.95.
6. "Rua Amílcar Cabral" – a street name. Maybe not a participant unless it's part of the location. But the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. Not sure. Maybe 0.5?
7. "Ingombota district" – a district, part of the location. Similar to Talatona. Maybe 0.7?
8. "Luanda" – the city, again a location. Maybe 0.7?

Wait, the example output included "airport" as a participant. So locations might be considered participants if they are part of the event. But in the example, "airport" was included even though it's a location. So perhaps in this case, the locations like Talatona, Ingombota, Luanda, Rua Amílcar Cabral should be included as participants. But the example also included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe all named locations are participants.

But the example output had "Lisbon" multiple times. So maybe even repeated locations are included. So in this case, Talatona, Ingombota, Luanda, Rua Amílcar Cabral should be participants.

But I need to check if they are explicitly mentioned as entities involved. The text says "in Talatona", "located on Rua Amílcar Cabral, in the Ingombota district, all in Luanda." So these are locations of the buildings. Are they participants? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. Since the event is about these buildings, the locations might be considered as part of the context but not necessarily participants. However, the example included "airport" as a participant. So maybe locations are included if they are part of the event's context.

Alternatively, maybe only the named entities that are organizations, buildings, projects, etc., are considered participants. The locations might be considered as part of the description but not participants. But the example included "airport" as a participant. So perhaps the user expects locations to be included as participants if they are named.

This is a bit ambiguous. Let me check the example again. The input was about a plane landing at an airport. The output included "airport", "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", etc. So locations are included. Therefore, in this case, Talatona, Ingombota, Luanda, Rua Amílcar Cabral should be participants.

So the participants would be:

- Monalisa Residence hotels
- Talatona
- Torres Eucaliptos real estate project
- Instituto Sapiens building
- Luanda Medical Center (LMC) building
- Rua Amílcar Cabral
- Ingombota district
- Luanda

But wait, "the Monalisa Residence hotels, in Talatona" – Talatona is the location of the hotel. So maybe Talatona is a participant as the location. Similarly, Ingombota district and Luanda are locations of the other buildings.

But the example included "Lisbon" as a participant. So I think locations are included.

So the list would be:

["Monalisa Residence hotels", 0.95], ["Talatona", 0.7], ["Torres Eucaliptos real estate project", 0.95], ["Instituto Sapiens building", 0.95], ["Luanda Medical Center (LMC) building", 0.95], ["Rua Amílcar Cabral", 0.7], ["Ingombota district", 0.7], ["Luanda", 0.7]

But wait, the example output had "the airports" as a participant. So maybe the prepositions like "in" or "on" are included as part of the entity. For example, "at Humberto Delgado Airport" was included as a participant. So in this case, "in Talatona" would be "Talatona" as a participant, but maybe "in Talatona" is considered as a phrase. However, the example output had "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as a participant. So perhaps the entire prepositional phrase is considered as the entity.

Wait, looking back at the example input:

"Plane makes emergency landing at Lisbon airport due to engine failure..."

The output included "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", etc. So the prepositional phrases are included as entities. So in this case, "in Talatona", "located on Rua Amílcar Cabral, in the Ingombota district, all in Luanda." So the entities would be:

- "the Monalisa Residence hotels, in Talatona" → "Monalisa Residence hotels" and "in Talatona"?
But in the example, "at Humberto Delgado Airport" was included as a participant. So perhaps the entire phrase is considered. But the example output had "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as a participant. So maybe in this case, "in Talatona" is considered as a participant. But the example output also included "Lisbon" as a participant. So maybe both the location names and the prepositional phrases are included.

This is a bit confusing. Let me check the example again. The input was:

"Plane makes emergency landing at Lisbon airport due to engine failure..."

The output included "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", etc. So "at Humberto Delgado Airport" is a participant. So the entire prepositional phrase is considered. Therefore, in the current input, "in Talatona" would be a participant. Similarly, "located on Rua Amílcar Cabral, in the Ingombota district, all in Luanda." So "located on Rua Amílcar Cabral", "in the Ingombota district", "all in Luanda" would be participants.

But the example output included "the airports" as a participant. Wait, the example input had "Humberto Delgado Airport" and the output included "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as a participant. So the entire prepositional phrase is considered. Therefore, in the current input, "in Talatona", "located on Rua Amílcar Cabral", "in the Ingombota district", "all in Luanda" would be participants.

But the example output also included "airport" as a participant. So maybe both the specific names and the general terms are included. However, in the current input, the specific names are "Monalisa Residence hotels", "Torres Eucaliptos real estate project", "Instituto Sapiens building", "Luanda Medical Center (LMC) building", and the locations "Talatona", "Rua Amílcar Cabral", "Ingombota district", "Luanda".

But the example output included "airport" as a participant. So maybe even general terms like "airport" are included if they are part of the event. However, in the current input, the specific locations are mentioned, so those would be the participants.

So putting it all together, the participants would be:

- "Monalisa Residence hotels" (high confidence)
- "in Talatona" (prepositional phrase, confidence 0.7)
- "Torres Eucaliptos real estate project" (high)
- "Instituto Sapiens building" (high)
- "Luanda Medical Center (LMC) building" (high)
- "located on Rua Amílcar Cabral" (prepositional phrase, 0.7)
- "in the Ingombota district" (prepositional phrase, 0.7)
- "all in Luanda" (prepositional phrase, 0.7)

But the example output included "the airports" as a participant. Wait, in the example input, the airport was "Humberto Delgado Airport", and the output included "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as a participant. So the entire phrase is considered. Therefore, in this case, "in Talatona", "located on Rua Amílcar Cabral", etc., should be included as participants.

But the example output also included "airport" as a participant. However, in the current input, the specific names are mentioned. So perhaps the specific names are the main participants, and the locations are also participants.

So the final list would be:

["Monalisa Residence hotels", 0.95], ["in Talatona", 0.7], ["Torres Eucaliptos real estate project", 0.95], ["Instituto Sapiens building", 0.95], ["Luanda Medical Center (LMC) building", 0.95], ["located on Rua Amílcar Cabral", 0.7], ["in the Ingombota district", 0.7], ["all in Luanda", 0.7]

But I need to check if "located on Rua Amílcar Cabral" is a participant. The example included "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as a participant. So the entire prepositional phrase is considered. Therefore, "located on Rua Amílcar Cabral" is a participant. Similarly, "in the Ingombota district" and "all in Luanda" are participants.

However, the example output also included "Lisbon" as a participant. So in this case, "Luanda" would be a participant. But "all in Luanda" is a phrase. Should it be split into "Luanda" and "all in Luanda"? The example included both "Lisbon" and "at Humberto Delgado Airport".

Alternatively, maybe the specific names are the main participants, and the locations are included as well. So "Monalisa Residence hotels", "Torres Eucaliptos real estate project", "Instituto Sapiens building", "Luanda Medical Center (LMC) building", "Talatona", "Rua Amílcar Cabral", "Ingombota district", "Luanda".

But the example included "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as a participant, which is a prepositional phrase. So perhaps the entire phrase is considered. Therefore, in this case, "in Talatona", "located on Rua Amílcar Cabral", "in the Ingombota district", "all in Luanda" are participants.

But the user might expect that the main entities are the buildings and projects, and the locations are also included. However, the example included both the specific airport name and the city name. So perhaps both are included.

This is a bit tricky. To be safe, I'll include the specific entities and the locations as participants, using the same approach as the example. So the final list would be:

["Monalisa Residence hotels", 0.95], ["Torres Eucaliptos real estate project", 0.95], ["Instituto Sapiens building", 0.95], ["Luanda Medical Center (LMC) building", 0.95], ["Talatona", 0.7], ["Rua Amílcar Cabral", 0.7], ["Ingombota district", 0.7], ["Luanda", 0.7]

But the example output included "the airports" as a participant. Wait, in the example input, the airport was "Humberto Delgado Airport", and the output included "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as a participant. So the entire prepositional phrase is considered. Therefore, in this case, "in Talatona" would be a participant. So maybe I should include "in Talatona" as a participant, not just "Talatona".

But the example output included "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as a participant. So the entire phrase is included. Therefore, "in Talatona" would be a participant. Similarly, "located on Rua Amílcar Cabral", "in the Ingombota district", "all in Luanda" would be participants.

But the example output also included "Lisbon" as a participant. So in this case, "Luanda" would be a participant. However, the phrase "all in Luanda" is a prepositional phrase. So perhaps "all in Luanda" is a participant. But the example included "Lisbon" as a participant. So maybe both the specific name and the prepositional phrase are included.

This is getting complicated. To align with the example, I think the safest approach is to include the specific entities (the buildings and projects) and the locations mentioned as participants, even if they are part of prepositional phrases. So the final answer would be the list of the specific entities and the locations, with confidence scores.
</think>

[["Monalisa Residence hotels", 0.95], ["Torres Eucaliptos real estate project", 0.95], ["Instituto Sapiens building", 0.95], ["Luanda Medical Center (LMC) building", 0.95], ["Talatona", 0.7], ["Rua Amílcar Cabral", 0.7], ["Ingombota district", 0.7], ["Luanda", 0.7]]