<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo or an error in the example. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "to engine" and "engine" separately. Hmm, that seems odd. Maybe the example is incorrect, but I need to follow the user's instructions as given. The task is to extract entities, so I should focus on named entities like organizations, people, places, etc.

Looking at the input provided: "The delivery was made by the legal representatives of the companies Méssene – Investimentos Limitada, Heavy Group – Investimentos Limitada, Universal Sabedoria and LMC."

First, the main participants here are the companies mentioned. The legal representatives are acting on behalf of the companies, so the companies themselves are participants. The delivery was made by the representatives, but the actual entities involved in the event (the delivery) would be the companies and possibly the legal representatives. However, the example output included "source" and "the same source" as entities, which might be a way to capture roles.

Wait, in the example, "source" and "the same source" were included. So maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity, even if it's a role like "source" or "representatives," should be considered. But in this case, the legal representatives are acting on behalf of the companies. The question is whether to include the representatives as participants or just the companies.

The definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. The delivery was made by the legal representatives, so they are participants. However, the companies are the ones whose representatives are acting, so they are also participants. But the example output included entities like "a Public Security Police" and "source," which are roles or entities. 

So in the given input, the main entities are the companies: Méssene – Investimentos Limitada, Heavy Group – Investimentos Limitada, Universal Sabedoria, and LMC. The legal representatives are also participants, but the user might expect the companies to be the main entities. However, the example included "source" as an entity, so maybe the legal representatives should be included as well.

Wait, the example output included "a Public Security Police" and "source" as entities. So in the current input, the legal representatives are the ones making the delivery. So "the legal representatives" would be an entity. But the companies are the ones being represented. So both the representatives and the companies are participants.

But the example output for the previous input included "the same source" as an entity. So perhaps any noun phrase that refers to a participant, even if it's a role or a group, should be included. So in this case, "the legal representatives" and the four companies.

But the user's example output included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So maybe even if the entity is a role or a group, as long as it's a noun phrase referring to a participant, it's included.

So for the input given, the participants would be:

- The legal representatives (acting as the agents making the delivery)
- Méssene – Investimentos Limitada
- Heavy Group – Investimentos Limitada
- Universal Sabedoria
- LMC

Additionally, the word "delivery" might be considered, but the example didn't include it. The example output had "airport" and "website." So maybe any noun that refers to an entity, even if it's a common noun, is included. But in the example, "airport" was included as an entity. However, in the current input, "delivery" is the event, not an entity. So perhaps not.

So the main entities here are the four companies and the legal representatives. The confidence for each would be high since they are explicitly mentioned. The legal representatives are a group, so that's an entity. The companies are organizations. So the output would be:

["the legal representatives", 1.0], ["Méssene – Investimentos Limitada", 1.0], ["Heavy Group – Investimentos Limitada", 1.0], ["Universal Sabedoria", 1.0], ["LMC", 1.0]

But wait, in the example output, they included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So maybe the article "a" is included. But in the example, "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" are included. So perhaps the exact phrases are taken as entities, even with articles or prepositions.

In the current input, the exact phrases are "the legal representatives of the companies" and the company names. So "the legal representatives" is the entity. The companies are named with their full names. So the output would be:

["the legal representatives", 1.0], ["Méssene – Investimentos Limitada", 1.0], ["Heavy Group – Investimentos Limitada", 1.0], ["Universal Sabedoria", 1.0], ["LMC", 1.0]

I need to check if "of the companies" is part of the entity. But the example included "the same source" as an entity, which is a phrase. So the exact phrases are taken. So "the legal representatives" is the entity. The companies are each separate entities. The confidence for each is 1.0 since they are explicitly mentioned. The user's example included "source" and "the same source" with confidence 1.0. So I think that's the way to go.
</think>

[["the legal representatives", 1.0], ["Méssene – Investimentos Limitada", 1.0], ["Heavy Group – Investimentos Limitada", 1.0], ["Universal Sabedoria", 1.0], ["LMC", 1.0]]