<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" or "a stopped engine" are considered, but I need to be careful not to over-split.

First, I'll read the input sentence carefully. The sentence is: "These real estate projects were financed with public funds from the National Social Security Institute, and were managed by private companies, without any compensation for the State, said the PGR statement."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "National Social Security Institute" – this is an organization providing public funds, so definitely a participant.
2. "private companies" – they managed the projects, so they are participants.
3. "the State" – mentioned as not receiving compensation, so involved.
4. "PGR statement" – the source of the information, so a participant as well.

Now, checking for other possible entities. "Real estate projects" are the subject, but they might be considered as the event's focus rather than participants. "Public funds" are a resource, not an entity. "Private companies" is a group, so that's included. "The State" is an entity. "PGR" is an organization, so "PGR statement" is the entity here.

I need to make sure I don't split phrases unnecessarily. For example, "National Social Security Institute" is one entity, not multiple parts. "Private companies" is a group, so that's one entry. "The State" is a single entity. "PGR statement" is the source, so that's another.

Confidence levels: "National Social Security Institute" is clearly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). "Private companies" is explicitly stated as managers, so 0.9. "The State" is directly mentioned, 0.9. "PGR statement" is the source, so 0.85. I might have missed any other entities, but the example shows that even "source" was included, so "PGR statement" fits here. No other entities seem relevant. Let me check again. The sentence doesn't mention any individuals, just organizations and the State. So the four entities listed should be correct.
</think>

[["National Social Security Institute", 0.95], ["private companies", 0.9], ["the State", 0.9], ["PGR statement", 0.85]]