<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is about real estate projects financed by public funds from the National Social Security Institute and managed by private companies, with no compensation for the State, as stated by the PGR statement.

The participants to classify are: "National Social Security Institute", "private companies", "the State", "PGR statement".

Starting with "National Social Security Institute". This sounds like an organization, probably a government body. The class Org is for organizations, companies, governments, etc. So I'd classify this as Org with high confidence.

Next, "private companies". These are definitely organizations, so Org again. Confidence should be high here too.

"The State" refers to a country's government. The class Pl_country is for countries, but wait, the State here might be the government entity, not the country itself. However, the options don't have a specific class for government. Looking back, the classes include Org for organizations like governments. Wait, the example had "Public Security Police" as Org. So "the State" as a government entity would be Org. But maybe Pl_country? Wait, the definition for Pl_country is a country. The State here is more like the government, not the country. So Org makes sense. But I need to check the examples again. In the previous example, "Public Security Police" was classified as Org. So "the State" would be Org. Hmm, but maybe the State is a political entity. Wait, the Pl_state class is for first-order administrative divisions within a country. But "the State" here is likely referring to the national government, which would be an organization. So Org is correct.

Then "PGR statement". The PGR is probably an organization, like a Public Prosecutor's Office or similar. The "statement" is a document or communication from that organization. However, the participants are entities involved. The "PGR statement" is the source of the information. In the previous example, "source" was classified as Per (person), but here "PGR statement" is a document. The class Other is for entities not fitting elsewhere. But looking at the classes, Loc is for places not fitting other Pl_ values, and Other is for other entities. However, "statement" is a document, which might be considered a Loc? Or maybe Other. Wait, the example had "website." classified as Loc. So "PGR statement" could be a document, which is a type of Loc? Or maybe it's an Org if it's the organization that made the statement. Wait, the participant is "PGR statement", which is the statement itself, not the organization. So it's a document, which might be Other. But the example had "source" as Per, which was a person. Here, "PGR statement" is a document, so maybe Other. Alternatively, if "PGR" is an organization, then "PGR statement" might be considered part of that Org. But the exact entity here is the statement, not the organization. So perhaps Other. But I need to check the classes again. The Other class includes things like "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt), which are not tangible. A statement is a document, which is a tangible object? Or is it a concept? Maybe it's better to classify as Other here. Alternatively, if the statement is considered a Loc, but that doesn't fit. So I think Other is the right class here with moderate confidence.
</think>

<Output>
[["National Social Security Institute", "Org", 0.95], ["private companies", "Org", 0.9], ["the State", "Org", 0.85], ["PGR statement", "Other", 0.7]]
</Output>