<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are entities involved or impacted by the event, which in this case is the transfer of assets to the State's real estate.

First, I need to parse the input sentence carefully. The sentence is: "“Thus, with the immediate, definitive and irrevocable delivery, the assets become part of the State’s real estate assets, free of any encumbrances or charges”, the note added."

Looking for entities here. The main subject is "the assets" which are becoming part of the State's real estate. The State is definitely a participant here. Then there's "the note" which is mentioned as adding this information. The note could be a document or a statement, so it's an entity. The term "State’s real estate assets" refers to the State's property, so the State is the key entity here. 

Wait, the note is mentioned as "the note added", so the note itself is an entity. Also, "the assets" are the ones being transferred, so they are participants. The phrase "free of any encumbrances or charges" might not be entities but rather descriptions. 

I need to check if "the assets" is a participant. Since they are the ones being transferred, they are definitely involved. The State is the recipient, so they are a participant. The note is the entity that added the statement. 

Are there any other entities? The words "immediate, definitive and irrevocable delivery" are actions or descriptions, not entities. "Real estate assets" is part of the State's assets, so the State is the main entity there. 

So the participants would be "the assets", "the State", and "the note". 

Now, confidence levels. "the assets" is clearly mentioned, so high confidence. "the State" is directly referenced, so high. "the note" is mentioned as adding the statement, so that's a participant. Maybe "the note" is a document, so it's an entity. 

Wait, the note is part of the text, but is it an actual entity? The user's example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. In this case, "the note" is similar to a source, so it's an entity. 

So the final list would be ["the assets", "the State", "the note"], each with confidence scores. Let me assign 0.95 for "the assets" and "the State" since they are directly mentioned. For "the note", maybe 0.85 because it's a bit more abstract but still clearly an entity in the context.
</think>

[["the assets", 0.95], ["the State", 0.95], ["the note", 0.85]]