<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" is listed, but maybe that's a typo? Hmm, maybe the example is just showing how they extracted parts of phrases, even if they're not full entities. But I need to be careful.

Looking at the input: "The PGR added that, “given the public utility of the Luanda Medical Center clinic, measures must be adopted to guarantee its normal functioning”."

First, identify the entities. The main participants here would be the PGR, Luanda Medical Center clinic, and possibly the measures, but measures are actions, not entities. The PGR is an organization, right? PGR stands for Public Ministry of the Republic in some countries, like Brazil. So "The PGR" is an organization. Then "Luanda Medical Center clinic" is an organization or institution. The quote talks about measures being adopted, but "measures" are not entities. The phrase "public utility" is a concept, not an entity. "its normal functioning" refers to the clinic's functioning, so the clinic is already mentioned as Luanda Medical Center.

Wait, the example output included things like "a Public Security Police" and "airline Jota Aviation" as participants. So in this case, "The PGR" is definitely a participant. Then "Luanda Medical Center clinic" is another participant. Are there any others? The text mentions "measures" but that's an action, not an entity. The quote is from the PGR, so maybe "the PGR" is the only participant. But the clinic is being referred to as having public utility, so it's impacted by the measures. So the clinic is a participant as well. 

Wait, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. So the PGR is the one taking action (adding the statement), and the Luanda Medical Center clinic is the one being affected by the measures. So both should be included. 

Now, checking for other possible entities. The phrase "public utility" is a concept, not an entity. "its normal functioning" refers to the clinic's functioning. So the entities are "The PGR" and "Luanda Medical Center clinic". 

But in the example, they included things like "the same source" and "Lusa." as participants. In this case, the source is the PGR. So maybe "The PGR" is the participant. The clinic is another participant. 

So the output should be:

[["The PGR", 0.9], ["Luanda Medical Center clinic", 0.8]]

Wait, but the example had "Lusa." as a participant. In the example, "Lusa." was included as a participant. Here, the PGR is the one making the statement, so they are the participant. The clinic is the entity being referred to. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. Are there any other entities? The text doesn't mention any other organizations or individuals. So the two main participants are The PGR and Luanda Medical Center clinic. The confidence levels: The PGR is clearly an organization, so 0.9. The clinic is a specific entity, so 0.8. Maybe the clinic's name is a bit longer, but I think that's the correct extraction.
</think>

[["The PGR", 0.9], ["Luanda Medical Center clinic", 0.8]]