<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other.

First, I'll go through each participant one by one.

Starting with "Os meios de socorro". "Meios de socorro" translates to "emergency services" or "rescue means". In Portuguese, "meios de socorro" usually refers to the emergency services like ambulances, firefighters, etc. However, since it's plural and refers to the means or services, not a specific organization, I might classify this as an Organization. Wait, but "meios" can be objects or tools. Hmm. Alternatively, if it's referring to the actual services (like the ambulance team), maybe it's an Organization. But I'm not sure. Let me check the example given earlier. In the example, "aeroporto" was classified as Facility, and "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as Facility. So "meios de socorro" might be more like a group of people or services, but since it's not a specific organization name, maybe it's an Object? Or perhaps "Other"? Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. "Meios de socorro" could be considered as a collective noun for the emergency services, which might be an Organization. But if it's not a named organization, maybe it's an Object? I'm a bit confused here. Let me think again. In the example, "fonte" was classified as Person, and "a mesma fonte" as Person. So "meios de socorro" might be a collective noun for the services, which could be considered an Organization. Alternatively, if it's referring to the actual equipment, like ambulances, then it's an Object. But the phrase "meios de socorro" is more about the services provided rather than the physical objects. Maybe it's an Organization. I'll tentatively put it as Organization.

Next, "a vítima". "Vítima" means victim. That's a person, so Person.

Then "as manobras". "Manobras" translates to maneuvers or actions. In this context, it's the actions taken to reverse the situation. These are actions, not objects or people. So maybe "Other"? Or is it an Object? Wait, "manobras" here are the procedures or actions performed, so they might not fit into the existing classes. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. Since "manobras" are actions, not an object, maybe "Other" is the right class here.

Lastly, "o óbito". "Óbito" means death. That's an event or a state, not a person, organization, etc. So again, "Other" seems appropriate here.

Wait, but in the example, "fonte" was classified as Person. So if "fonte" is a person, then "a mesma fonte" is also a person. But in the input here, "a vítima" is a person. So "vítima" is Person. "meios de socorro" is a bit tricky. If it's the actual services (like the ambulance team), maybe it's an Organization. But if it's the means (like the equipment), it's an Object. However, in Portuguese, "meios de socorro" is a term that refers to the emergency services, which are organizations. So I think "Organization" is correct here.

So the classifications would be:

["Os meios de socorro", "Org"], ["a vítima", "Per"], ["as manobras", "Other"], ["o óbito", "Other"]

But I need to make sure that "Other" is the correct class for "manobras" and "óbito". Since "manobras" are actions, and "óbito" is an event, they don't fit into the other categories. So "Other" is the right choice here.
</think>

[["Os meios de socorro", "Org"], ["a vítima", "Per"], ["as manobras", "Other"], ["o óbito", "Other"]]