<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "The objective of the crime was to seize the assets that the victim had with him and also the house that belonged to him," he added."

Participants to classify are ["the victim", "the assets", "the house"].

First, I need to determine the class for each of these entities based on the given categories: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "the victim". The term "victim" typically refers to a person who has been harmed or wronged. In this context, the victim is the person whose assets and house were targeted. So, "the victim" should be classified as a Person (Per).

Next, "the assets". Assets are generally possessions or property, which can be physical objects or financial holdings. Since the assets are being seized, they are objects. So, "the assets" would be classified as Object (Obj).

Lastly, "the house". A house is a physical structure, which is a type of facility or object. However, the category includes "Facility" and "Object". A house is more of a building, which could fall under Facility. But sometimes, depending on context, it might be considered an Object. However, in the example provided earlier, "airport" was classified as Facility. Since a house is a structure meant for habitation, it's more likely a Facility (Fac) than an Object. But wait, in the example, "aircraft" was classified as Object. Hmm. Let me think again. The house here is a physical property, so maybe Object. But in the example, "the airports" were classified as Facility. So maybe "house" is a Facility. Alternatively, if the house is considered a building, which is a facility. However, sometimes "house" can be an object. But given that "aircraft" was Object, and "airport" was Facility, perhaps "house" is Object. Wait, but in the example, "the airports" were classified as Facility. So maybe "house" is a Facility. Alternatively, maybe "house" is an Object. This is a bit ambiguous. Let me check the example again. In the example, "airport" was classified as Facility, and "aircraft" as Object. So, a house is a structure, which is a facility. Therefore, "the house" should be Facility (Fac). But I'm not 100% sure. Alternatively, maybe "house" is an Object. However, considering that "house" is a building, which is a type of facility, I think Facility is more accurate here. 

So, final classifications:
- the victim: Person (Per)
- the assets: Object (Obj)
- the house: Facility (Fac)
</think>

[["the victim", "Per"], ["the assets", "Obj"], ["the house", "Fac"]]