<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they fit into based on the input text. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let me start by reading the input again carefully.

The input is: "Recorrendo a uma equipa de grande ângulo e com o auxílio de cordas, os bombeiros resgataram o homem cerca das 17:15, após o que foi estabilizado, dado que estava em hipotermia, tendo recusado o transporte para o hospital de Santa Maria da Feira."

Participants to classify are:
["os bombeiros", "uma equipa de grande ângulo", "cordas", "o homem", "hospital de Santa Maria da Feira", "Santa Maria da Feira"]

Let's go one by one.

1. "os bombeiros" – Bombeiros are firefighters, which are people. So that's Person (Per).

2. "uma equipa de grande ângulo" – This translates to a large-angle team. "Equipa" is a team, which is an organization or group. But since it's a team of firefighters, maybe it's an Organization (Org)? Wait, but the term "equipa" here might be more like a team or group, which could be considered an Organization. Alternatively, if it's a specific team name, but here it's just described as "uma equipa de grande ângulo," which is a type of team. Maybe Object? Wait, no. Organizations are groups of people working together. So "equipa" would be an Organization. But I need to check if "equipa" is considered an organization. Alternatively, maybe it's an Object if it's a tool or equipment. Wait, "equipa de grande ângulo" is a team, not equipment. So probably Organization (Org).

Wait, but in the example given earlier, "fonte" was classified as Person. So "equipa" is a team, which is a group of people, so maybe Organization. Hmm. Alternatively, if it's a specific team name, but here it's just a generic term. Maybe Object? No, because it's a group of people. So I think it's Organization (Org).

3. "cordas" – This is "ropes," which are physical objects. So Object (Obj).

4. "o homem" – A man, which is a person. So Person (Per).

5. "hospital de Santa Maria da Feira" – This is a hospital, which is a facility. So Facility (Fac).

6. "Santa Maria da Feira" – This is a place name, specifically a city or town. So Location (Loc). Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital, which is a sub-class of Location. But the classes here are just Location. So "Santa Maria da Feira" is a location, so Location (Loc).

Wait, but the example had "Lisboa" as Pl_capital, but the classes here are just Location. So maybe the user wants the main class, not the sub-class. So "Santa Maria da Feira" is a location, so Location.

Let me check again:

- "os bombeiros" → Person (Per)
- "uma equipa de grande ângulo" → Organization (Org)
- "cordas" → Object (Obj)
- "o homem" → Person (Per)
- "hospital de Santa Maria da Feira" → Facility (Fac)
- "Santa Maria da Feira" → Location (Loc)

I think that's correct. Let me make sure I didn't miss anything. The example had "aeroporto" as Facility, so "hospital" would be Facility. "Santa Maria da Feira" is a place, so Location. "Cordas" are objects. "Equipa" is a team, which is an organization. "Os bombeiros" are people. "O homem" is a person. That seems right.
</think>

[["os bombeiros", "Per"], ["uma equipa de grande ângulo", "Org"], ["cordas", "Obj"], ["o homem", "Per"], ["hospital de Santa Maria da Feira", "Fac"], ["Santa Maria da Feira", "Loc"]]