<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they belong to based on the input text.

Starting with "A Polícia Judiciária (PJ)". The input mentions this as an organization, so that's "Org".

Next, "a detenção". Detention is an action or event, not a person, organization, or place. The classes available are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Since "detenção" is an action, maybe "Other" is the best fit here.

"um homem de 56 anos" is clearly a person, so "Per".

"residente no distrito de Évora" – the phrase "residente no distrito de Évora" refers to someone living in the district of Évora. The main part here is "distrito de Évora", which is a location. But the entire phrase is a description of the person's residence. However, the task is to classify each entity as listed. The participant here is "residente no distrito de Évora", which might be a location, but "residente" is a verb. Hmm, maybe "distrito de Évora" is the location, but the participant is the entire phrase. Wait, the participants to classify include "residente no distrito de Évora" as a separate entry. Since "residente" is a verb, but the phrase refers to the district of Évora as the location. But the exact entity here is "residente no distrito de Évora", which might be a role or a description. However, the classes don't have a "Role" category. The closest might be "Other" or maybe "Location" if the focus is on the district. But I think the main entity here is the district, so maybe "distrito de Évora" is the location. However, the participant listed is "residente no distrito de Évora", which is a phrase. Since the user provided that exact phrase, I need to classify it. Since "residente" is a verb, but the phrase as a whole might not fit into any of the classes. So maybe "Other" is the best fit here.

"distrito de Évora" is a location, so "Pl_admin" or "Location". The class "Location" is available, so that's "Loc".

"suspeitas da prática do crime de pornografia de menores através de telemóveis" – this is a suspicion or a legal term, not a person, organization, or object. So "Other".

"telemóveis" is a plural of "telemóvel", which is a mobile phone. That's an object, so "Obj".

Let me double-check each one again to make sure I didn't miss anything. The input text is about the police detaining a man for using mobile phones to commit a crime. The entities are the police (Org), the detention (Other), the man (Per), the district of Évora (Loc), the phrase about residence (Other), the suspicion (Other), and the mobile phones (Obj). That seems right.
</think>

[["A Polícia Judiciária (PJ)", "Org"], ["a detenção", "Other"], ["um homem de 56 anos", "Per"], ["residente no distrito de Évora", "Other"], ["distrito de Évora", "Loc"], ["suspeitas da prática do crime de pornografia de menores através de telemóveis", "Other"], ["telemóveis", "Obj"]]