<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "A Polícia Judiciária (PJ) anunciou hoje a detenção, em flagrante delito, de um homem de 56 anos, residente no distrito de Évora, por suspeitas da prática do crime de pornografia de menores através de telemóveis."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "A Polícia Judiciária (PJ)" – This is an organization, clearly mentioned as the one announcing the detention. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

2. "um homem de 56 anos" – The individual who was detained. The age and gender are given, but the name isn't. Still, the entity is the person, so confidence around 0.9.

3. "residente no distrito de Évora" – The district where the man resides. Évora is a place in Portugal, so that's a location. Confidence might be 0.85 since it's a specific district.

4. "distrito de Évora" – Same as above, but the phrase is repeated. Wait, in the example, they included "os aeroportos" and "Farnborough" etc. So maybe "distrito de Évora" is a separate entity. But the user might consider "Évora" as the main entity here. Hmm, but the input says "residente no distrito de Évora", so the district is part of the location. Maybe both "distrito de Évora" and "Évora" are entities. But the example didn't split "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" into "Aeroporto" and "Humberto Delgado", so perhaps the full name is better. So "distrito de Évora" is a single entity. But I need to check if "distrito" is part of the entity. The example included "aeroporto" as a separate entity, but in the input, "aeroporto" was part of a longer phrase like "no aeroporto de Lisboa". So maybe in this case, "distrito de Évora" is a single entity. So I'll include that with confidence 0.8.

5. "telemóveis" – Mobile phones, which are the means used in the crime. The example included "o motor" and "um motor", so objects can be participants. So "telemóveis" is an entity here. Confidence around 0.75.

6. "crime de pornografia de menores" – The crime itself. The example included "falha no motor" as an entity. So the crime is an event, but the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The crime is the event, not a participant. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The crime is the event, not a participant. So maybe "crime de pornografia de menores" is not a participant. Hmm, but in the example, "falha no motor" was included as an entity. Wait, the example input had "falha no motor" and the output included "o motor", "um motor", etc. So maybe the actual object (motor) is the participant, not the failure. So in this case, the crime is the event, but the participants are the people involved. So "crime de pornografia de menores" might not be a participant. But the example included "falha no motor" as part of the entities. Wait, in the example, "falha no motor" was part of the input, and the output had "o motor", "um motor", etc. So the actual objects (motor) are the participants. So in this case, "telemóveis" is the object used, so it's a participant. The crime itself is the event, not a participant. So maybe "crime de pornografia de menores" is not a participant. 

Wait, the definition says participants are those involved in or impacted by the event. The crime is the event, not a participant. So the participants are the people involved (the man, the police), the location (distrito de Évora), and the objects (telemóveis). 

So the entities would be:

- "A Polícia Judiciária (PJ)" – 0.95
- "um homem de 56 anos" – 0.9
- "residente no distrito de Évora" – 0.85
- "distrito de Évora" – 0.8 (but maybe this is redundant with the previous one. Wait, the input says "residente no distrito de Évora", so the district is part of the location. But in the example, they included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as an entity. So maybe "distrito de Évora" is a separate entity. But the user might consider "Évora" as the main entity. However, the input uses the full phrase. So I'll include "distrito de Évora" as an entity with confidence 0.8.

- "telemóveis" – 0.75

Wait, but the example output included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entities. So in the input, "falha no motor" was mentioned, and the output had "o motor", "um motor", etc. So the actual object (motor) is the participant. Similarly, here, "telemóveis" is the object used in the crime, so it's a participant. 

So the list would be:

["A Polícia Judiciária (PJ)", 0.95], ["um homem de 56 anos", 0.9], ["residente no distrito de Évora", 0.85], ["distrito de Évora", 0.8], ["telemóveis", 0.75]

Wait, but in the example, they included "aeroporto" as a separate entity even when it was part of a longer phrase. So maybe "residente no distrito de Évora" is a phrase, but "distrito de Évora" is the entity. However, the example included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as an entity. So perhaps the full phrase is considered. But in this case, "residente no distrito de Évora" is a phrase, but the entity is "distrito de Évora". So maybe "distrito de Évora" is the entity here. 

Alternatively, maybe "residente no distrito de Évora" is a role, but the actual entity is the district. So I think "distrito de Évora" is the entity. 

Also, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. So in this case, "residente no distrito de Évora" might be a role, but the actual entity is the district. 

So the final list would be:

["A Polícia Judiciária (PJ)", 0.95], ["um homem de 56 anos", 0.9], ["distrito de Évora", 0.8], ["telemóveis", 0.75]

Wait, but the example had "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as an entity. So in this case, "residente no distrito de Évora" is a phrase, but the entity is "distrito de Évora". So I think that's the right approach. 

I need to make sure not to include the crime itself as a participant. The crime is the event, not a participant. So the answer should be the entities listed above.
</think>

[["A Polícia Judiciária (PJ)", 0.95], ["um homem de 56 anos", 0.9], ["distrito de Évora", 0.8], ["telemóveis", 0.75]]