<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., and they might be mentioned explicitly or inferred.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "Segundo a PJ, o suspeito utilizava esses equipamentos para partilhar conteúdos com "imagens de menores em situações de cariz sexual"."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "a PJ" (which is the Polícia Judiciária, a Portuguese police force), "o suspeito" (the suspect), and "imagens de menores em situações de cariz sexual" (images of minors in sexual situations). 

Wait, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The images are content being shared, so maybe they are part of the action but not participants themselves. The suspect is clearly a participant as the actor. The PJ is mentioned as the source, so they might be a participant too. 

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "o motor", "a aeronave", etc., even if they were parts of the plane. So maybe in this case, "imagens de menores..." is part of the content being shared, so it's an entity here. But is it a participant? The definition says participants are involved or impacted. The images are being shared, so the suspect is the one sharing them, and the images are the content. But the images themselves might not be considered a participant. Hmm, maybe I should check the example again.

In the example, they included "o motor" as a participant. So even if it's a part of the plane, it's considered. So maybe here, "imagens de menores..." is an entity, but is it a participant? The user's definition says participants can be entities involved in the event. The images are part of the content being shared, so maybe they are considered as part of the action. However, the example output included "imagens de menores..." as an entity, but in the given input, the output example didn't have that. Wait, the example input was about an airplane emergency, and the output included entities like "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So maybe in this case, the content being shared is an entity, but the user might not consider it a participant. 

Wait, the user's example output included "imagens de menores..." in the input? No, the input here is different. Let me focus on the current input. The sentence is about the suspect using equipment to share content with images of minors. The participants would be the suspect, the PJ (as the source), and maybe the content itself. But according to the definition, participants are those involved or impacted. The images are part of the content being shared, so the suspect is the one sharing them. The PJ is the one reporting. The images themselves might not be considered participants. 

So the entities would be "a PJ", "o suspeito", and "imagens de menores em situações de cariz sexual". However, the images are the content, not an entity that's involved. But the example included "imagens de menores..." as an entity in the output? Wait, no, the example input was different. Let me check again. The example input was about an airplane, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc. So in that case, parts of the plane were considered participants. 

In this case, the content being shared is an entity, but is it a participant? The user's definition says participants are involved or impacted. The images are being shared, so they are part of the action. But the images themselves are not entities that act; they are the content. However, the example included "imagens de menores..." as an entity. Wait, no, the example input was different. Let me check the example again. The example input was about an airplane emergency, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So even parts of the plane were considered. 

In this case, the content being shared is part of the action, so maybe it's considered an entity. But the user might not consider it a participant. Alternatively, the content is the object being shared, so it's part of the event. 

Alternatively, the participants are the people or organizations involved. So "a PJ" (the police), "o suspeito" (the suspect), and maybe the equipment, but the equipment is not mentioned as a participant. 

Wait, the example output included "o motor" as a participant. So even if it's a part of the plane, it's considered. So in this case, the content being shared is an entity. But is it a participant? The user's definition says participants can be entities involved in the event. The images are part of the content being shared, so they are involved in the event. Therefore, they should be included. 

So the entities would be:

- "a PJ" (confidence high, since they are the source)
- "o suspeito" (the suspect, definitely a participant)
- "imagens de menores em situações de cariz sexual" (the content being shared, which is part of the event)

But the user's example output included "imagens de menores..." as an entity. Wait, no, in the example input, the output was about an airplane, and the entities included parts of the plane. So maybe in this case, the content is an entity. 

Therefore, the final list would be:

["a PJ", 0.9], ["o suspeito", 0.9], ["imagens de menores em situações de cariz sexual", 0.8]

But I need to check if "imagens de menores..." is a participant. According to the definition, participants are those involved or impacted. The images are being shared, so they are part of the action. However, they are not an entity that acts; they are the object. But the example included "o motor" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe the content is considered an entity here. 

Alternatively, maybe the user considers the content as part of the action, so it's included. Therefore, the answer should include all three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["a PJ", 0.9], ["o suspeito", 0.9], ["imagens de menores em situações de cariz sexual", 0.8]]