<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is a sentence in Portuguese: "O Tribunal de Viana do Castelo condenou hoje a 12 anos de prisão um homem de 36 anos por ter matado outro a tiro, na cidade, em 2013." The participants to classify are ["O Tribunal de Viana do Castelo", "um homem de 36 anos", "outro", "Viana do Castelo", "a cidade"].

Starting with the first participant: "O Tribunal de Viana do Castelo". The word "Tribunal" translates to court, which is an organization. So this should be classified as Org. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "um homem de 36 anos". This refers to a person, so Per. The age is just a descriptor, doesn't change the classification. Confidence around 0.9.

"Outro" means "another" or "another person". Since it's referring to a person (the victim), it's Per. But sometimes "outro" can be ambiguous. However, in the context of "ter matado outro a tiro", it's likely referring to a person. Confidence maybe 0.85.

"Viana do Castelo" is a city in Portugal. The class for cities is Pl_civil if it's a sub-national administrative area. Wait, the definitions say Pl_civil is a political region or administrative area, usually sub-national. Viana do Castelo is a city, which is a sub-national administrative area. So Pl_civil. Confidence 0.95.

Lastly, "a cidade" translates to "the city". Since the city is Viana do Castelo, which we already classified as Pl_civil, but here it's just "a cidade" without specifying. However, in the context, "na cidade" refers to the city where the crime happened, which is Viana do Castelo. But "a cidade" is a generic term for city. However, according to the classes, if it's a specific city, it would be Pl_civil, but if it's just a generic term, maybe Loc? Wait, the definition for Loc says places that don't fit other Pl_ values. But "a cidade" here is referring to the city where the event happened, which is Viana do Castelo. However, since it's not explicitly named, maybe it's a generic term. But in the input, the city is mentioned as "Viana do Castelo" and "a cidade" is used. However, in the classification, "Viana do Castelo" is Pl_civil. But "a cidade" here is a location, but since it's not a specific named place, maybe Loc? Wait, the example given for Loc includes web pages, but maybe in this case, since it's a city, but not named, it's Loc. Alternatively, if "a cidade" refers to the same as Viana do Castelo, but since it's not specified, maybe Loc. Hmm, this is tricky. Alternatively, maybe "a cidade" is a general term for city, so Loc. But I need to check the definitions again. The Pl_civil is a political region or administrative area, usually sub-national. If "a cidade" is a specific city, but not named, then maybe Loc. But in the input, "na cidade" is used, which is "in the city", referring to Viana do Castelo. However, the participant to classify is "a cidade", which is a generic term. So perhaps Loc. But I'm not entirely sure. Maybe the user expects it to be Pl_civil since it's referring to the city where the event happened, but without a specific name. Alternatively, since it's not a named entity, it's Loc. I think Loc is safer here. Confidence maybe 0.75.

Wait, looking back at the example provided in the task. In the example input, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital. So if "a cidade" is referring to a city, but not named, maybe Loc. But in the input, "Viana do Castelo" is a specific city, and "a cidade" is used in the same sentence. Since "Viana do Castelo" is already classified as Pl_civil, "a cidade" might be referring to the same city, but since it's not named, it's a generic term. Therefore, Loc. So I'll go with Loc for "a cidade" with confidence 0.7.
</think>

<Output>[["O Tribunal de Viana do Castelo", "Org", 0.95], ["um homem de 36 anos", "Per", 0.9], ["outro", "Per", 0.85], ["Viana do Castelo", "Pl_civil", 0.95], ["a cidade", "Loc", 0.7]]</Output>