<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "O homem estava acusado de homicídio qualificado, mas acabou por ser condenado por homicídio simples, por não ter sido encontrada a arma do crime."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "O homem" (the man), "homicídio qualificado" (qualified homicide), "homicídio simples" (simple homicide), and "a arma do crime" (the weapon of the crime). 

Wait, but according to the definition, participants are those involved or impacted. "Homicídio qualificado" and "homicídio simples" are legal terms, not entities. They describe the charges, not participants. Similarly, "arma do crime" is an object involved, but is it considered a participant? The example included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants, which are objects. So maybe objects related to the event are included.

So, "O homem" is definitely a participant. "A arma do crime" is an object involved, so it should be included. The charges are legal terms, not participants. The court or the legal system might be implied, but they aren't mentioned here. The example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants, which are sources. In this case, there's no mention of a source, so maybe not. 

Wait, the example had "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as participants. In the current input, there's no mention of organizations or groups, just the man and the weapon. So the participants would be "O homem" and "a arma do crime". 

But the example included "homicídio qualificado" and "homicídio simples" as entities? Wait, looking back at the example output, the user's example input had "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So in this case, the weapon is an object involved, so it's a participant. The charges are not entities but legal classifications. So the participants are "O homem" and "a arma do crime". 

But I need to check if "homicídio qualificado" and "homicídio simples" are considered. The example didn't include legal terms, so probably not. The user's example included "o motor" which is an object, so "arma do crime" is similar. 

So the output should be ["O homem", "a arma do crime"]. But need to check for any other possible entities. The sentence doesn't mention any other entities like organizations or groups. 

Confidence: "O homem" is clearly mentioned, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. "a arma do crime" is mentioned once, but it's a key part of the case, so confidence around 0.8. 

Wait, the example had multiple mentions of the same entity, like "Avião", "Um avião", etc. So even if the same entity is mentioned in different forms, they are listed separately. In this case, "O homem" and "o homem" (if there were different mentions) would be separate. But in the input, it's only "O homem" once. So only one entry for "O homem". "a arma do crime" is mentioned once. 

So the final list would be [["O homem", 0.95], ["a arma do crime", 0.8]].
</think>

[["O homem", 0.95], ["a arma do crime", 0.8]]