<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what counts as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Todos os pacientes foram transferidos em vários centros de saúde e para melhor atendimento serão colocados no novo Hospital Municipal de Cuanhama, que se encontra em fase final das obras."

Breaking it down. The main event here is the transfer of patients to different health centers and the new hospital. Let's identify the entities involved.

First, "pacientes" (patients) are definitely participants as they are being transferred. Then "centros de saúde" (health centers) are the places where they are being transferred to. The "novo Hospital Municipal de Cuanhama" is another location where patients will be placed. The hospital is under construction, so it's a key entity here. 

Are there any other entities? The text mentions "fase final das obras" (final phase of construction), but that's more of a state rather than an entity. The verb "serão colocados" (will be placed) implies the action, but the subject is the patients. 

Wait, the participants should include all entities involved. So "pacientes" is the main group. The "centros de saúde" and the "Hospital Municipal de Cuanhama" are the places involved. Are there any organizations or groups mentioned? The hospital is a municipal hospital, so "Hospital Municipal de Cuanhama" is an organization. The "centros de saúde" might be part of the health system, but unless specified, maybe they are just locations. 

Also, the phrase "em vários centros de saúde" – "varios centros de saúde" are the entities. So "centros de saúde" as a plural, but in the output example, they used "os aeroportos" as a participant. So maybe even plural forms are considered. 

So the participants would be:

- "pacientes" (patients)
- "centros de saúde" (health centers)
- "Hospital Municipal de Cuanhama" (the new hospital)
- "município de Cuanhama" (since it's a municipal hospital, maybe the municipality is involved, but the text doesn't explicitly mention it. Hmm, but the hospital's name includes "Municipal de Cuanhama," so perhaps the hospital itself is the entity, not the municipality. The user example included "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant, so the full name is included. So "Hospital Municipal de Cuanhama" is the entity.

Confidence scores: "pacientes" is definitely mentioned, so high confidence. "centros de saúde" are mentioned as places where patients are transferred, so high. The hospital is the destination, so high. The other parts like "fase final das obras" are not entities but a state of the hospital. 

Wait, the example output included "os aeroportos" as a participant. In the input, it was "os aeroportos de Farnborough" and "Lisboa". So in this case, "centros de saúde" is a plural noun, so maybe "os centros de saúde" would be the participant. But the input says "em vários centros de saúde" – "various health centers". The exact phrase is "varios centros de saúde", so maybe "centros de saúde" is the entity. However, in the example, they included "os aeroportos" even though the input had "os aeroportos de Farnborough" and "Lisboa". So maybe the plural form is taken as is. 

So in the output, "centros de saúde" would be a participant. Similarly, "Hospital Municipal de Cuanhama" is a specific entity. 

I think that's all. Let me list them with confidence scores. "pacientes" is 1.0, "centros de saúde" 0.9, "Hospital Municipal de Cuanhama" 1.0. Are there any others? The text doesn't mention any other entities like organizations or people. So the final list would be those three entities.
</think>

[["pacientes", 1.0], ["centros de saúde", 0.9], ["Hospital Municipal de Cuanhama", 1.0]]