<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that even entities like "to engine" and "a stopped engine" are included, which seems a bit odd, but I guess they're considering parts of phrases as entities if they're relevant.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input here is: "According to information provided to Lusa by that security force, the man left home on Sunday morning to go fishing."

Breaking it down, the main participants would be the entities involved. Let's start with the obvious ones. "Lusa" is mentioned as the recipient of the information, so that's a participant. "That security force" is another entity, though it's a bit vague. The man who left home is clearly a participant. "Home" might be considered a location, but the definition says participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc. So maybe "home" isn't a participant here. "Sunday morning" is a time, not an entity. "Go fishing" is an action, not an entity. 

Wait, the example included "the airports" and "Farnborough, England" as participants. So locations might be included if they are part of the event. But in this case, "home" is a location, but maybe not significant enough. However, the example also included "airport" as a participant. Hmm. Let me check the example again. In the example, "airport" was listed, but in the input, the airport was part of the event. So maybe "home" is a participant here as a location. But the user might not consider it. Alternatively, maybe "the man" is the main participant, and "security force" and "Lusa" are others. 

Also, "that security force" is a group, so that's a participant. "Lusa" is an organization. The man is an individual. Are there any other entities? The sentence mentions "information provided to Lusa by that security force," so "information" is an entity? Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. So maybe "information" isn't considered here. 

Wait, the example output had "source" and "the same source" as entities. In the input, "a Public Security Police source" is mentioned. So in the current input, "that security force" is the source, so that's a participant. "Lusa" is the recipient. The man is the one who left home. 

So the participants would be: "Lusa", "that security force", "the man", "home", "Sunday morning"? Wait, the example didn't include time entities. Let me check the example again. The example output had "Lisbon" and "Farnborough, England" as participants, which are locations. So maybe locations are included if they are part of the event. In this case, "home" is a location. But the user might not consider it. Alternatively, maybe "home" is not a participant because it's not an entity but a place. 

Wait, the definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. So "home" is a location, which is an entity. So maybe it's included. But in the example, "airport" was included. So "home" should be included here. 

But the example also included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe "home" is a participant. However, the example output had "airport" as a separate entity. So in this case, "home" would be a participant. 

But the user might not consider "home" as a participant. Alternatively, maybe "home" is not a participant because it's not an organization, group, etc. But the definition says "other entities", so maybe it's acceptable. 

This is a bit ambiguous. Let me proceed with the entities that are clearly participants. "Lusa" is an organization, "that security force" is a group, "the man" is an individual. "Home" is a location. "Sunday morning" is a time, but the example didn't include time entities. So maybe I should exclude time. 

So the list would be: ["Lusa", "that security force", "the man", "home"]. But the example included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe "home" is included. 

Wait, in the example, "the airports" was part of the plane's route. So in this case, "home" is where the man left from. So it's part of the event. 

But the example also included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In the current input, "that security force" is the source. So "that security force" is a participant. 

So the final list would be: ["Lusa", "that security force", "the man", "home"]. 

Now, assigning confidence. "Lusa" is definitely an organization, so 1.0. "that security force" is a group, but it's a bit vague, maybe 0.8. "the man" is clearly an individual, 1.0. "home" is a location, but maybe less certain, 0.7. 

Wait, but in the example, "airport" was included with confidence 1.0. So maybe "home" is also included with 1.0. But the example had "the airports" as a participant. So maybe "home" is a participant here. 

Alternatively, maybe "home" is not considered a participant because it's not an entity but a place. But the definition says "other entities", so maybe it's acceptable. 

I think I'll go with ["Lusa", "that security force", "the man", "home"] with confidence scores. Let me check again. The example included "airport", "Lisbon", "Farnborough, England", etc. So locations are included. Therefore, "home" should be included. 

So the final answer would be:

[["Lusa", 1.0], ["that security force", 0.8], ["the man", 1.0], ["home", 0.7]]
</think>

[["Lusa", 1.0], ["that security force", 0.8], ["the man", 1.0], ["home", 0.7]]