<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "According to the source, the case was handed over to the Judiciary Police to investigate the circumstances of the death."

Participants to classify are ["the source", "Judiciary Police"].

First, I need to determine the classes for each entity. 

Starting with "the source". In the example given, "source" was classified as "Per" because it refers to a person or entity providing information. Here, "the source" is likely a person or organization that provided the information. However, the example had "source" as "Per" with confidence 0.8. But wait, in the previous example, "source" was classified as "Per", but in the current input, the source isn't specified as a person. Wait, the example given in the task had "source" as "Per" even though it might be an organization. Wait, looking back at the example provided in the task:

In the example input, "a Public Security Police" was classified as "Org", and "source" was classified as "Per". But in the current input, "the source" is mentioned without specifying if it's a person or an organization. However, in the example, "source" was considered a person. But maybe in this case, "the source" could be an organization. Wait, but the example had "source" as "Per" with confidence 0.8. However, in the current input, the source might be an organization or a person. But the sentence says "According to the source", which is a common way to refer to an unnamed person or organization. However, in the absence of more context, it's safer to assume it's a person (Per) unless there's an indication it's an organization. But in the previous example, "source" was classified as "Per", so maybe that's the case here. However, in the current input, the source might be an organization. Wait, but the example had "source" as "Per" even though it could be an organization. Hmm, this is a bit ambiguous. But given that the example classified "source" as "Per", I'll follow that unless there's a reason to think otherwise. So, "the source" would be "Per" with confidence 0.8.

Next, "Judiciary Police". This is a name of a police force, which is an organization. In the example, "Public Security Police" was classified as "Org". So "Judiciary Police" would also be "Org" with high confidence, say 0.95.

So the output would be:

[["the source", "Per", 0.8], ["Judiciary Police", "Org", 0.95]]
</think>

<Output>[["the source", "Per", 0.8], ["Judiciary Police", "Org", 0.95]]</Output>