<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, which seems a bit odd, but maybe that's part of the specific extraction rules here.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "According to the source, the case was handed over to the Judiciary Police to investigate the circumstances of the death." 

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "the source," "the Judiciary Police," and maybe "the case" and "the circumstances of the death." But according to the example, even parts like "to engine" were included, so perhaps any noun phrase that's a participant is considered. However, in this case, "the case" might be an event rather than a participant. Wait, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The case being handed over is part of the event, but the Judiciary Police are the ones handling it, so they are participants. The source is also a participant since they provided the information.

Looking at the example output, they included "source" and "the same source" with confidence scores. In the current input, "the source" is mentioned, so that's one participant. Then "Judiciary Police" is an organization involved. Also, "the case" might be considered as part of the event, but the definition says participants are entities involved. The case is an event, not an entity. So maybe "the case" isn't a participant. 

Wait, the example included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe any noun phrase that's a participant, even if it's a collective noun. So "the Judiciary Police" would be an organization, so that's a participant. "the source" is an entity, but the example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. So in this case, "the source" is a participant. 

Also, the example included "source" and "the same source" as separate entries. Here, "the source" is mentioned once, so maybe just "the source" with a confidence score. 

So the extracted participants would be "the source" and "Judiciary Police." Are there any others? The sentence mentions "the circumstances of the death," but that's more of a description rather than an entity. 

So the final list would be ["the source", "Judiciary Police"]. Assigning confidence scores: "the source" is explicitly mentioned, so maybe 0.9. "Judiciary Police" is an organization, so 0.85. 

Wait, but the example included "source" as a separate entry. In the input, "the source" is used, so maybe it's better to include "source" as a participant. But the example had "a Public Security Police" and "the same source." So in this case, "the source" is a participant. 

So the JSON output would be [["the source", 0.9], ["Judiciary Police", 0.85]].
</think>

[["the source", 0.9], ["Judiciary Police", 0.85]]