<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is about Quincy Promes, a Dutch international footballer from Ajax, who was arrested for allegedly stabbing a family member in July, according to Dutch media citing police sources.

The participants to classify are: Quincy Promes, Ajax, familiar, os meios de comunicação holandeses, and fontes policiais.

Starting with "Quincy Promes". He's a person, specifically a footballer, so that's a human individual. The class should be Per. Confidence is high here, maybe 0.95.

Next, "Ajax". That's a football club, which is an organization. So Org. Confidence around 0.9.

"Familiar" translates to "family member" or "relative". This is a person, so Per. But wait, the term "familiar" in Portuguese can sometimes be used more generally, but in this context, it's a person being stabbed. So Per, confidence 0.9.

"Os meios de comunicação holandeses" means "the Dutch media". Media outlets are organizations, so Org. Confidence 0.95.

"Fontes policiais" is "police sources". These are individuals or entities within the police department, but since they're referred to as sources, they might be considered as part of an organization. However, the class Org is for organizations, and Per is for individuals. But "fontes" could be people, so maybe Per? Wait, but in the example given, "fonte" was classified as Per. However, "fontes policiais" might be a collective term for the police organization. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. In the example, "fonte" was Per, but here it's "fontes policiais" which could be the police organization itself. Wait, in the example, "fonte" was classified as Per, but in the input, "fontes policiais" might be referring to the police as an organization. Wait, the original example had "fonte" as Per, but here, "fontes policiais" might be the police organization. Wait, the example had "fonte" as Per, but in this case, "fontes policiais" could be the police department, which is an Org. Alternatively, if they are individual sources within the police, then Per. But the way it's phrased, "citando fontes policiais" (citing police sources), it's more likely referring to the police organization as the source. So maybe Org. But I'm not 100% sure. Alternatively, if "fontes" are individuals, then Per. But the example had "fonte" as Per, so maybe here it's also Per. Wait, the example's input had "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" which was classified as Per. So in this case, "fontes policiais" might be individuals from the police, hence Per. But I'm a bit confused. Let me check the definitions again. Org is for organizations, so if "fontes policiais" refers to the police organization, then Org. If it's individual sources, then Per. The original example had "fonte" as Per, which was an individual. So here, "fontes policiais" could be individuals, hence Per. But maybe the police is an organization, so the sources are part of that organization. Hmm. This is a bit ambiguous. I'll go with Per for "fontes policiais" as individuals, but maybe Org if it's the organization. Alternatively, since the example had "fonte" as Per, perhaps here it's also Per. I'll tentatively classify "fontes policiais" as Per with confidence 0.8.

Wait, but in the example, "fonte" was classified as Per, but in the input, "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" was the entity. So "fonte" here is an individual. In the current case, "fontes policiais" would be sources from the police, which could be individuals, hence Per. So I'll go with Per for "fontes policiais".

So compiling all:

Quincy Promes - Per (0.95)
Ajax - Org (0.9)
familiar - Per (0.9)
os meios de comunicação holandeses - Org (0.95)
fontes policiais - Per (0.8)
</think>

<Output>
[["Quincy Promes", "Per", 0.95], ["Ajax", "Org", 0.9], ["familiar", "Per", 0.9], ["os meios de comunicação holandeses", "Org", 0.95], ["fontes policiais", "Per", 0.8]]
</Output>