<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the example provided, they included things like "Avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So even parts of the sentence that are objects or tools involved are considered participants. That makes sense because they are part of the event.

Now, the input text is: "De acordo com o diário De Telegraaf, após uma forte discussão no decurso de uma celebração familiar, Promes esfaqueou a vítima no pescoço, com esta a ficar gravemente ferida."

Breaking this down, the main event is Promes stabbing the victim. The participants would be:

1. Promes - the person who committed the act.
2. A vítima - the victim who was stabbed.
3. De Telegraaf - the newspaper reporting the incident.
4. A celebração familiar - the family celebration where the argument happened.
5. O pescoço - the neck, where the stabbing occurred. Wait, but in the example, they included "no pescoço" as part of the entity? Hmm, in the example, they had "o motor" and "um motor", so maybe body parts are considered participants if they are directly involved. But I need to check if that's the case here.

Wait, in the example, "o motor" was included, which is a part of the plane. Similarly, "no pescoço" refers to the neck, which is part of the victim's body. But in the example, they included "a aeronave" and "o avião", which are the main entities. However, "no pescoço" might be more of a location where the action happened rather than a participant. But the example included "a aeronave" and "o avião", which are the same entity. So maybe in this case, "a vítima" is the main participant, and "no pescoço" is part of the action description, not a participant. Let me think again.

The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The neck is part of the victim's body, so maybe not a separate participant. However, in the example, they included "o motor" as a participant. So perhaps any object or part that is directly involved in the event is considered a participant. In that case, "no pescoço" would be part of the action, but "a vítima" is the participant. 

Wait, the example also included "a aeronave" and "o avião" as separate entities. So maybe when the same entity is mentioned in different forms, they are all listed. For example, "Um avião", "o avião", "a aeronave", etc. So in the current input, "Promes" and "a vítima" are the main participants. Then "De Telegraaf" as the source. The "celebração familiar" is the event where the argument happened, so that's a participant. 

But the example included "os aeroportos" and "Farnborough", "Inglaterra", etc. So locations are also considered participants. In the current input, "uma celebração familiar" is an event, so that's a participant. Also, "no decurso de uma celebração familiar" – the celebration is part of the context. 

So participants would be:

- Promes (the person)
- a vítima (the victim)
- De Telegraaf (the newspaper)
- uma celebração familiar (the event)
- o pescoço (the part of the body where the stabbing occurred? Or is that part of the action description?)

Wait, in the example, they included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant. So locations are included. But "no pescoço" is a body part, which is part of the victim. So maybe "a vítima" is the participant, and "no pescoço" is just part of the action, not a separate participant. 

So the main participants are:

1. Promes
2. a vítima
3. De Telegraaf
4. uma celebração familiar

But wait, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. So if the text mentions a source, like "fonte da Polícia", then that's included. In this case, "De Telegraaf" is the source, so that's a participant. 

Also, the example included "Lisboa" and "Farnborough" as locations. In the current input, the location is "uma celebração familiar" but no specific location is mentioned. So maybe "uma celebração familiar" is the event, which is a participant. 

So compiling the list:

- Promes (high confidence)
- a vítima (high confidence)
- De Telegraaf (high confidence)
- uma celebração familiar (moderate confidence, since it's the event where the argument happened)
- o pescoço (maybe not, since it's part of the victim's body, not a separate entity)
- "esta" refers to the victim, so maybe "a vítima" is already included.

Wait, the example included "a mesma fonte" as a participant. So if the text refers to the same entity again, like "a mesma fonte", it's included. In this case, the text says "De acordo com o diário De Telegraaf", so "De Telegraaf" is the source. Then, in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" are both included. So in this case, if there's a mention of the source, even if it's just once, it's included. 

So the final list would be:

["Promes", 0.95], ["a vítima", 0.95], ["De Telegraaf", 0.9], ["uma celebração familiar", 0.8]

But wait, the example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entities. So if the same entity is mentioned in different forms, they are all listed. But in this case, "a vítima" is mentioned once, "esta" refers to the same victim, but "esta" is a pronoun, so maybe not included as a separate entity. 

So the answer should be:

[
  ["Promes", 0.95],
  ["a vítima", 0.95],
  ["De Telegraaf", 0.9],
  ["uma celebração familiar", 0.8]
]

But wait, the example included "Lisboa" multiple times. So if the same location is mentioned in different forms, they are all listed. In this case, "uma celebração familiar" is mentioned once. 

Alternatively, maybe "no decurso de uma celebração familiar" is the event, so "uma celebração familiar" is the participant. 

I think that's it. The other elements like "esfaqueou" are actions, not participants. "no pescoço" is part of the action, not a participant. So the final list includes Promes, the victim, De Telegraaf, and the family celebration.
</think>

[["Promes", 0.95], ["a vítima", 0.95], ["De Telegraaf", 0.9], ["uma celebração familiar", 0.8]]