<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

Looking at the input sentence: "Alguns nos presentes na festa interpuseram-se entre os dois, o que teria impedido um desfecho mais grave."

First, I need to identify all the entities mentioned. The main participants here are the people present at the party ("Alguns nos presentes na festa") and the two individuals ("os dois") between whom the others intervened. The phrase "os dois" refers to two people, but they aren't named, so I should consider them as entities even if they're not explicitly named. 

The sentence mentions "a festa" (the party), which is an event, but the participants are the people involved. The verb "interpuseram-se" indicates that the participants took action. The result of their action is preventing a worse outcome, but the participants are the ones who acted.

So, the entities would be:
- "Alguns nos presentes na festa" (some people present at the party)
- "os dois" (the two individuals)
- "a festa" (the party itself, but maybe not a participant, but the context says participants are involved or impacted. Since the party is the event where the action happened, maybe it's considered a participant? Hmm, but the definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, etc. The party is an event, not an entity. So maybe not include "a festa".)

Wait, the example output included "aeroporto" and "os aeroportos" as participants. So even if it's a place, it's considered a participant if it's involved. But in the current input, "a festa" is the event, not a place. However, the participants are the people involved. So "Alguns nos presentes na festa" and "os dois" are the participants. 

But the example also included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) as entities. So even if they are not explicitly named, if they are referred to, they are considered participants. 

In this case, "os dois" are the two individuals, even though they aren't named. So I should include them. Also, "Alguns nos presentes na festa" is a group of people present at the party. 

So the list would be:
- "Alguns nos presentes na festa"
- "os dois"

Confidence: For "Alguns nos presentes na festa", it's pretty clear they are participants. For "os dois", they are the ones between whom the others intervened, so they are definitely participants. 

Confidence scores: Maybe 0.9 for both, since they are explicitly mentioned. But wait, the example had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So even if they are the same thing, they are listed as separate entities. But in this case, "Alguns nos presentes na festa" and "os dois" are distinct. 

So the final list would be:
["Alguns nos presentes na festa", 0.9], ["os dois", 0.9]
</think>

[["Alguns nos presentes na festa", 0.9], ["os dois", 0.8]]