<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and even mentions like "o motor" (the engine) are included. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Profissional desde 2012, no Twente, passou ainda pelo Spartak de Moscovo e Sevilha, antes de assinar pelo Ajax, em 2019/20." 

Breaking this down, the main entities here are likely the teams and the person. The person is referred to as "Profissional" but since the name isn't mentioned, maybe the teams are the participants. The teams mentioned are Twente, Spartak de Moscovo, Sevilha, Ajax. Also, the time periods and locations might be part of the context but not participants. 

Wait, the example included "o motor" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe any noun that's a key entity in the event. Here, the teams are definitely participants. The person is implied but not named, so maybe not included. The user's example included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) as participants, even though they are not named. So in this case, maybe the teams are the participants. 

Looking at the example output, they included repeated mentions of the same entity with different confidence scores. For instance, "Avião" and "Um avião" are both included. So in this case, "Twente", "Spartak de Moscovo", "Sevilha", "Ajax" should be the main participants. Also, "no Twente" might be "Twente" as a location, but in the example, "aeroporto" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" were included. So maybe "Twente" is a team, so it's a participant. 

I need to check if "no Twente" is "Twente" as a team. Since the person was a professional at Twente, that's a team. Similarly, Spartak de Moscovo is a team, Sevilha is a team, Ajax is a team. So those four teams are participants. 

Are there any other entities? The time periods like 2012, 2019/20 are not participants. The user's example didn't include dates. So probably not. 

So the list would be ["Twente", "Spartak de Moscovo", "Sevilha", "Ajax"]. But wait, the example included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant. So maybe "no Twente" is "Twente" as a participant. So each mention of the team, even with prepositions, should be included. 

In the input, "no Twente" is "Twente" with the preposition "no" (in). The example included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant. So maybe "Twente" is included as "no Twente" and "Twente" separately. Wait, in the example, they had "o Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" and "aeroporto" as separate entries. So here, "no Twente" would be "Twente" as a participant. But the example also included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. 

So in this case, the entities would be:

- "Twente" (from "no Twente")
- "Spartak de Moscovo" (from "pelo Spartak de Moscovo")
- "Sevilha" (from "pelo Sevilha")
- "Ajax" (from "pelo Ajax")

But the example included repeated mentions with different confidence. For example, "Avião" and "Um avião" are both included. So here, if "Twente" is mentioned once, but the user might consider "no Twente" as "Twente" with a preposition, but in the example, "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was included as a participant. So maybe "no Twente" is considered as "Twente" as a participant. 

Therefore, the participants are the teams: Twente, Spartak de Moscovo, Sevilha, Ajax. Each of these would be listed with confidence scores. The confidence for each would be high since they are clearly mentioned as teams the person played for. 

So the JSON array would be:

[
  ["Twente", 0.95],
  ["Spartak de Moscovo", 0.95],
  ["Sevilha", 0.95],
  ["Ajax", 0.95]
]

But wait, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In this case, the person is not named, so maybe they are not included. The user's example included the teams as participants. So I think that's the right approach here.
</think>

[["Twente", 0.95], ["Spartak de Moscovo", 0.95], ["Sevilha", 0.95], ["Ajax", 0.95]]