<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, which might be a bit confusing, but I need to follow that.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Following a report that a crime of domestic violence was taking place, the military went to the scene and discovered that the suspect was inflicting physical and psychological abuse, as well as death threats using sharp weapons on the mother."

Breaking it down, the main event is a domestic violence crime. The participants here would be the ones involved in the event. Let's list them out:

1. "the military" – they responded to the report, so they are participants.
2. "the suspect" – the person committing the abuse, definitely a participant.
3. "the mother" – the victim, so she's impacted and thus a participant.
4. "sharp weapons" – these are tools used, but are they considered participants? The example included "a stopped engine" and "engine," so maybe objects involved are included. However, "sharp weapons" might be an object here, but the example had "engine" as a participant. Wait, in the example, "engine" was listed as a participant. So maybe any noun that's part of the event, even if it's an object, is included. So "sharp weapons" would be a participant here.
5. "domestic violence" – the crime itself is an event, but the example didn't include the event name. Wait, in the example, "engine failure" was part of the input, but the output had "engine" and "a stopped engine." So maybe the actual entities are the nouns, not the events. So "domestic violence" is an event, not an entity. So maybe not included. But "crime of domestic violence" is a noun phrase, but the example didn't include the crime type. Hmm, tricky.

Looking back at the example, the output included "engine" and "a stopped engine," which are parts of the event. So in this case, "sharp weapons" would be similar. Also, "the suspect" and "the mother" are clearly participants. "the military" is a group involved. 

What about "the scene"? The example didn't include "airport" as a participant, but in their output, "airport" was listed. Wait, in the example, "airport" was included as a participant. So maybe locations are considered participants. The input here mentions "the scene," which is a location. So "the scene" might be a participant. But the example included "Lisbon" and "Farnborough" as participants. So maybe locations are included. However, in the input, "the scene" is a location, so that's a participant. But the example didn't have "scene," so maybe it's not necessary. Wait, the example had "Humberto Delgado Airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So maybe specific locations are included. In this case, "the scene" is a location, but it's not named. So maybe not included. But the example had "airport" as a participant, even though it's a general term. Wait, in the example, "airport" was included as a participant. So maybe even general terms like "airport" are included if they are part of the event. However, in this input, "the scene" is a location, but it's not named. So perhaps it's not included. 

Another thing: the example included "source" and "the same source," which are entities. In the input, "the military" is a group, "the suspect" and "the mother" are individuals. "sharp weapons" is an object. 

So compiling the list:

- "the military" (group)
- "the suspect" (individual)
- "the mother" (individual)
- "sharp weapons" (object)
- "domestic violence" – but this is the event, not an entity. The example didn't include the event name, so maybe not.
- "crime of domestic violence" – again, the event, not an entity. So probably not included.

Wait, the example included "engine failure" as part of the input, but the output had "engine" and "a stopped engine." So the actual noun phrases related to the event. So in this case, "sharp weapons" would be included as a participant. 

Also, the example included "source" and "the same source," which are entities. In the input, there's no mention of a source, so that's not needed here. 

So the final list would be:

["the military", 0.9], ["the suspect", 0.9], ["the mother", 0.9], ["sharp weapons", 0.7]

Wait, but the example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. In this input, "the military" is a group, so that's a participant. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The user's example included "engine" and "a stopped engine," which are parts of the event. Similarly, "sharp weapons" are part of the event. So including that. 

Confidence levels: "the military" is clearly a participant, so high confidence. "the suspect" and "the mother" are definitely participants. "sharp weapons" might be a bit lower confidence, but since the example included objects, I'll go with 0.7. 

So the JSON array would be:

[["the military", 0.9], ["the suspect", 0.9], ["the mother", 0.9], ["sharp weapons", 0.7]]
</think>

[["the military", 0.9], ["the suspect", 0.9], ["the mother", 0.9], ["sharp weapons", 0.7]]