<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the example input and output, the output includes entities like "Plane", "engine", "Lisbon", etc., each with a confidence score. Even some phrases like "a stopped engine" are included. The confidence scores vary, so I need to assess each entity's relevance and certainty.

Now, the input provided is: ", this police force highlighted in a statement." The output needs to be a JSON array of entities with confidence scores. Let's break down the input.

First, the input is a fragment: "this police force highlighted in a statement." The main entities here are "police force" and "statement." However, "police force" is a group, so that's a participant. "Statement" might be part of the action but not an entity itself. Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. Here, "police force" is a group, so that's a participant. The "statement" is an action or document, but maybe not an entity. However, in the example, "source" was included. In the input, "police force" is mentioned, so that's an entity. Also, "this police force" refers to a specific group, so "police force" is the entity. The confidence here might be high, around 0.9, since it's explicitly mentioned. 

Wait, but the input starts with a comma, which might be a typo. The user might have intended a different input. But given the input as is, the only clear entity is "police force." The "statement" is an action, not an entity. So the output should be [["police force", 0.9]]. But maybe "statement" is considered an entity? The example included "source" and "the same source," which are entities. Here, "statement" is a noun, but it's not an organization or individual. So probably not. Therefore, the only participant is "police force" with high confidence.
</think>

[["police force", 0.9]]