<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and provide them with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like organizations, people, objects, etc., that are involved in the event.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "After carrying out a home search, the GNR seized two bladed weapons, he stressed." 

Breaking it down, the main event here is the seizure of weapons by the GNR during a home search. The participants would be the entities involved in this action. 

Starting with "GNR" – that's the Guarda Nacional Republicana, a Portuguese police force. So that's definitely a participant. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95 since it's a proper noun and clearly an organization.

Next, "he stressed" – the pronoun "he" refers to someone who made the statement. But the original sentence doesn't mention who "he" is. It could be a journalist, a police officer, or someone else. Since there's no explicit name or title, the confidence for "he" might be lower, maybe 0.5. However, sometimes in such contexts, "he" might refer to a specific person mentioned earlier, but in this case, there's no prior mention. So maybe it's safer to include it with a lower confidence.

The "home search" is an action, not an entity, so probably not a participant. The "two bladed weapons" are objects seized, so they are participants as they are involved in the event. Confidence here might be around 0.8 since they are directly mentioned as the items seized.

Wait, the definition says participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. So objects like weapons can be considered participants if they are part of the event. But I need to check the example given. In the example, "engine" was included as a participant. So yes, objects involved in the event are included.

So the entities would be:

- GNR (organization) – high confidence.
- he (individual, though unspecified) – lower confidence.
- two bladed weapons (object) – medium confidence.

Wait, but in the example, "engine" was included as a participant. So in this case, "two bladed weapons" would be similar. Also, "home search" is an action, not an entity, so probably not. 

Another thing: the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In this case, "he stressed" – if "he" is a source, but since it's not named, maybe it's not included. But the example included "source" as a participant even if it's not named. Wait, in the example input, the source was "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source" were included. So in this case, "he" might be a source, but since it's not explicitly named, maybe it's better to include "he" with a lower confidence. However, the example included "source" as a participant even when it was referred to as "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source". So maybe "he" is a participant here, but since it's a pronoun without a clear antecedent, the confidence is lower.

So the final list would be:

["GNR", 0.95], ["he", 0.5], ["two bladed weapons", 0.8]

But wait, in the example, "engine" was included as a participant. So "two bladed weapons" would be similar. Also, "home search" is an event, not an entity. So I think that's correct.
</think>

[["GNR", 0.95], ["he", 0.5], ["two bladed weapons", 0.8]]