<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, though that seems a bit odd. Wait, maybe that's a mistake? Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "to engine" and "a stopped engine". Hmm, maybe they're considering "engine" as a participant because it's part of the plane's failure. But "to engine" seems like a prepositional phrase. Maybe that's an error in the example. But I need to follow the given example's approach, even if it's not perfect.

Now, looking at the input sentence: "The suspect, with a criminal record for committing the same crimes, was arrested and will undergo his first interrogation at the Porto Judicial Court, on Saturday."

First, identify all entities. The suspect is clearly a participant. The Porto Judicial Court is an organization. The criminal record is part of the suspect's history, so maybe the suspect is the main participant here. The crimes themselves are actions, but the example included "engine failure" as a participant. Wait, in the example, "engine" was included as a participant. So maybe any noun phrase that's a key part of the event is considered a participant.

But "criminal record" is a record, not an entity. The suspect is the main person. The Porto Judicial Court is an organization. The crimes are actions, but the example included "engine failure" as a participant. Wait, in the example, "engine" was included as a participant. So maybe even parts of the event that are objects or causes are considered participants.

Wait, the example output includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So, in the current input, the suspect is a participant. The Porto Judicial Court is another. The crimes are mentioned, but the example didn't include "crimes" as a participant. Wait, in the example input, the event was about a plane landing due to engine failure. The participants included "engine", "a stopped engine", etc. So maybe any noun that's central to the event is considered a participant.

In the current input, the suspect is the main participant. The Porto Judicial Court is the place where the interrogation is happening, so that's an organization. The criminal record is part of the suspect's history, but not an entity. The crimes are actions, but not entities. The days (Saturday) are time, but not participants. So the participants would be "The suspect", "Porto Judicial Court", and maybe "criminal record" if it's considered an entity. Wait, but the example didn't include "criminal record" as a participant. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So, the engine is an object involved in the event. In the current input, the suspect is involved, the court is involved. The criminal record is a record of past crimes, but not an entity. So maybe the participants are "The suspect", "Porto Judicial Court", and "criminal record" if it's considered an entity. But the example didn't include "criminal record" as a participant. Hmm.

Alternatively, maybe the "criminal record" is part of the suspect's attributes, not a separate participant. So the main participants are the suspect and the court. The example included "source" and "the same source" as participants, which are entities. So in the current input, "Porto Judicial Court" is an organization, and "the suspect" is an individual. The other parts like "criminal record" might not be considered participants. Also, "Saturday" is a time, not a participant. So the output would be ["The suspect", "Porto Judicial Court"] with confidence scores. But I need to check if there are any other entities. The example included "Lusa." as a participant, which is a news agency. In the current input, there's no such entity. So the answer would be those two entities. Let me assign confidence scores. "The suspect" is definitely a participant, so 1.0. "Porto Judicial Court" is an organization, so 1.0. Are there any others? The example included "source" and "the same source", but in this input, there's no mention of a source. So the final answer would be those two entities.
</think>

[["The suspect", 1.0], ["Porto Judicial Court", 1.0]]