<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. So, the input is a sentence about an investigation by the PJ, and the participants to classify are ["PJ", "the police", "the man", "several cell phones", "more than two hundred computer files"]. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other.

First, I need to understand each entity in the context of the sentence. Let's break them down one by one.

Starting with "PJ". In Portuguese, "PJ" stands for "Polícia Judiciária", which is the Judicial Police. That's an organization, so I think that's "Org".

Next is "the police". The sentence mentions "the police" as the ones making the statement. Since "the police" here refers to the people, that would be "Person" (Per). But wait, sometimes "police" can be an organization. Hmm. But in the example given earlier, "Public Security Police" was classified as an organization. However, in this case, "the police" is used in a general sense, maybe referring to the people. But I need to check if "the police" here is a specific organization or just a general term. The sentence says "the police, adding that..." which might refer to the same PJ, but the example might have different cases. Wait, the example had "Public Security Police" as an organization. Here, "the police" could be a general term, but maybe in this context, it's referring to the same organization as PJ. But I'm not sure. Maybe "the police" here is a Person, but I think in most cases, "the police" as an organization would be Org. Wait, but the example had "source" as Person and "the same source" as Person. So maybe "the police" here is a Person? Or is it an organization? This is a bit tricky. Let me think again. If "the police" is a collective noun referring to the people, then it's Person. But if it's referring to the organization, then Org. The example had "Public Security Police" as Org. So maybe "the police" here is also Org. But the example's output had "the police" as Per? Wait, no, looking back at the example input, the participants included "a Public Security Police" which was classified as Org. But in the current input, "the police" is mentioned as the ones making the statement. If "the police" is the same as PJ, which is an organization, then "the police" would be Org. But maybe in this case, "the police" is a general term, not a specific organization. Hmm. I'm a bit confused here. Let me check the example again. In the example, "source" was classified as Per, and "the same source" as Per. So "the police" here might be a Person, but that doesn't make sense. Wait, maybe "the police" is an organization. Let me check the example's output again. The example had "a Public Security Police" as Org. So maybe "the police" here is also Org. But I'm not entirely sure. I'll have to make a judgment call here. Let's tentatively put "the police" as Org.

Next is "the man". That's clearly a person, so Person (Per).

"several cell phones" – these are objects, so Object (Obj).

"more than two hundred computer files" – these are digital files, which are objects, so Object (Obj).

Wait, but "computer files" are data, which might be considered as objects. So yes, Obj.

So compiling the classifications:

- PJ: Org
- the police: Org (assuming they are the same as PJ, but if not, maybe Per? But I think Org is safer here)
- the man: Per
- several cell phones: Obj
- more than two hundred computer files: Obj

But I need to be careful with "the police". If the sentence says "the police, adding that..." and the police are the ones making the statement, maybe they are a collective noun as an organization. So Org. But in the example, "source" was classified as Per. However, in the example, "source" was a person. So here, "the police" is an organization. I think that's the right classification.
</think>

[["PJ", "Org"], ["the police", "Org"], ["the man", "Per"], ["several cell phones", "Obj"], ["more than two hundred computer files", "Obj"]]