<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "to engine" with confidence 0.9. But "to engine" doesn't make much sense as a participant. Maybe that's an error in the example, but I need to follow the given format. Hmm, perhaps the example is incorrect, but I have to proceed as per the instructions.

Now, looking at the current input: "The Portuguese Government expressed... the attack that took place today in the city of Trier, Germany... reiterating its support for the German people and authorities."

First, identify the participants. The main entities here are:

1. The Portuguese Government – clearly a participant as they are expressing solidarity.
2. The families of the victims – they are impacted by the attack.
3. The victims of the attack – directly involved.
4. The attack – the event itself, but the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The attack is the event, not a participant. Wait, the definition says participants are those involved in or impacted by the event. So the attack is the event, not a participant. So maybe "the attack" isn't a participant. Let me check the example again. In the example, "engine failure" was included, but that's part of the event. Wait, in the example input, "engine failure" is part of the reason for the emergency landing. But in the output, "engine" and "a stopped engine" are listed. So maybe parts of the event are considered participants if they are entities. Hmm, this is a bit confusing.

Wait, the definition says participants are entities that are actively involved in or impacted by an event. So the attack itself is the event, but the participants would be the ones involved in it or affected. So the victims, the families, the German people, the German authorities, the Portuguese Government. The city of Trier and Germany are locations, but are they participants? The example includes "Lisbon" and "Farnborough" as participants. So maybe locations are considered participants if they are part of the event's context.

So in the current input, the participants would be:

- Portuguese Government (expressing solidarity)
- Families of the victims (impacted)
- Victims (impacted)
- German people (receiving support)
- German authorities (receiving support)
- Trier (location of the attack)
- Germany (country where the attack happened)

Wait, but the attack is the event. The attack's participants would be the attackers, but they are not mentioned here. The text only mentions the Portuguese Government expressing solidarity, so the attackers aren't mentioned. So the participants here are the ones involved in the event (victims, families) and those affected (German people, authorities), and the entities expressing support (Portuguese Government). Also, the locations Trier and Germany are included as per the example.

So the list would be:

["The Portuguese Government", 1.0], ["families of the victims", 0.9], ["victims", 0.9], ["German people", 0.9], ["German authorities", 0.9], ["Trier", 0.8], ["Germany", 0.8]

Wait, but the example includes "the airports" as a participant. In the current input, "the city of Trier" is mentioned, so "Trier" and "Germany" would be participants. Also, "the attack" is the event, but not a participant. The example includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants, which are parts of the event. So maybe in this case, "attack" isn't a participant, but the locations are.

So the final list would include the entities mentioned as participants, with confidence scores. Need to make sure not to include the event itself unless it's an entity. But the attack is the event, not a participant. So the answer should be the entities listed above.
</think>

[["The Portuguese Government", 1.0], ["families of the victims", 0.9], ["victims", 0.9], ["German people", 0.9], ["German authorities", 0.9], ["Trier", 0.8], ["Germany", 0.8]]