<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence where I need to classify each participant into the given categories. The participants listed are "Ministry of Foreign Affairs", "Portuguese Government", "families of the victims", and "German city".

First, I'll go through each one step by step.

Starting with "Ministry of Foreign Affairs". This sounds like an organization. The Ministry is a government department, which is an organizational structure. So that should be "Org". Confidence is high here, maybe 0.95.

Next, "Portuguese Government". That's definitely an organization, a government body. So "Org" again. Confidence around 0.95 as well.

Then "families of the victims". This refers to people, specifically the families affected by the attack. Since they are human individuals, this would fall under "Per". But wait, the category "Per" includes human individuals or fictitious characters. However, "families" here are groups of people, but the classification might still be "Per" because they are people. Alternatively, maybe "Other"? Wait, looking back at the classes: "Per" includes human individuals or groups? The example given for "Per" is "O rapaz" (the boy), which is an individual. But "families" are groups of people. The definition says participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc. However, the classes are more specific. The "Per" class is for human individuals or divine entities. So if "families" are groups, maybe they don't fit into "Per" but into "Other"? Wait, the "Other" class is for entities that don't fit elsewhere, like "um cheiro a queimado" (a burnt smell). But "families" are people, so maybe "Per" is still applicable. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. Alternatively, maybe "families" are considered as a collective noun, but the class "Per" might not cover groups. The example given for "Per" is singular individuals. So perhaps "families" should be classified under "Other"? Or maybe "Per" can include groups. The definition says participants can be groups. Wait, the definition says participants refer to individuals, groups, organizations, etc. But the classes are more specific. The "Per" class is for human individuals or divine entities. So if the entity is a group of people, like "families", does that fall under "Per"? The example given for "Per" is "O rapaz" (the boy), which is singular. The "Org" class is for organizations. So maybe "families of the victims" are considered as "Per" because they are people, even though they are a group. I think that's the safest bet here. So "Per" with confidence around 0.8.

Lastly, "German city". This is a location. The classes include "Pl_civil", "Pl_country", etc. "German city" would be a city, which is a political region or administrative area, so "Pl_civil". But wait, "Pl_civil" is defined as a political region or administrative area, usually sub-national. A city is a sub-national administrative area. So "Pl_civil" makes sense. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Let me double-check each classification:

- Ministry of Foreign Affairs: Org (0.95)
- Portuguese Government: Org (0.95)
- families of the victims: Per (0.8)
- German city: Pl_civil (0.95)

I think that's correct. The "families" might be a bit ambiguous, but since they are people, "Per" seems right.
</think>

<Output>[["Ministry of Foreign Affairs", "Org", 0.95], ["Portuguese Government", "Org", 0.95], ["families of the victims", "Per", 0.8], ["German city", "Pl_civil", 0.95]]</Output>