<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Through the official Twitter page of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Portuguese Government expressed solidarity 'with the families of the victims of the attack' that took place in that German city."

So, the main event here is the Portuguese Government expressing solidarity. The participants would be the entities involved in this action or affected by it. Let's break it down.

The first part mentions the "Ministry of Foreign Affairs" and the "Portuguese Government." These are definitely participants as they are the ones taking the action. Then, the "families of the victims of the attack" are the ones being shown solidarity to, so they are participants too. The "German city" is the location where the attack happened, so that's an entity involved, though maybe not an active participant. The "Twitter page" is a medium used, but the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is the one using it, so maybe the Twitter page isn't a separate entity here. The "attack" itself is an event, but not an entity. The quotes around "with the families..." might indicate that the families are the ones being addressed, so they are participants.

Now, checking the example output from the user's previous task. In their example, they included entities like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., even if they were parts of the event. So, even if something is a part of the event, like "engine failure," they included it. However, in this case, the attack is an event, not an entity. The German city is a location, so that's an entity. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Portuguese Government are organizations. The families of the victims are people affected, so they are participants. The Twitter page is part of the Ministry's communication, but the Ministry itself is the entity. The "attack" is an event, not an entity, so maybe not included. The quotes mention "families of the victims," so "families" would be the participants here.

Confidence scores: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Portuguese Government are clearly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). The families of the victims are directly mentioned, so high confidence (0.9). The German city is a location, so maybe 0.8. The Twitter page is part of the Ministry's page, but the Ministry is the main entity, so maybe not including the Twitter page separately. The attack is an event, not an entity. The "official Twitter page" might be considered as part of the Ministry, so not a separate entity. The "German city" is a location, so that's a participant. The "families of the victims" are participants. The "Portuguese Government" is an organization. The "Ministry of Foreign Affairs" is another organization. 

Wait, the user's example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. In this case, the "official Twitter page of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs" is the source, but the Ministry is the entity. So maybe "Ministry of Foreign Affairs" is the participant, not the Twitter page. The "Portuguese Government" is another participant. The "families of the victims" are participants. The "German city" is a location. 

So the final list would be:

["Ministry of Foreign Affairs", 0.95], ["Portuguese Government", 0.95], ["families of the victims", 0.9], ["German city", 0.8]

I need to check if "attack" is an entity, but the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The attack is an event, not an entity. The city is a location, so it's an entity. The families are people, so they are participants. The government and ministry are organizations. 

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any. The text doesn't mention any other entities. The Twitter page is part of the Ministry's communication, but the Ministry is the main entity. So the answer should include those four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Ministry of Foreign Affairs", 0.95], ["Portuguese Government", 0.95], ["families of the victims", 0.9], ["German city", 0.8]]