<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants to classify. The input is a quote from a publication expressing wishes for injured people's recovery and support for Germany's people and authorities. The participants are "injured people", "people", "authorities of Germany", "the same publication", and "Germany".

Starting with "injured people": they are individuals affected by an event, so they're Per (human individuals). Confidence is high here, maybe 0.95.

Next, "people" in general. Since it's a collective term, but not a specific group, it might be Per as well. But wait, the class Per is for individuals or characters. If "people" is used generally, maybe it's not a specific entity. Hmm, but in the context of the quote, they are referring to the people of Germany, so maybe Per. Alternatively, if it's a generic term, maybe Other? Wait, the examples show "Per" for individuals. But "people" is plural. The class Per includes human individuals, so maybe "people" here is Per. But the example in the task had "O rapaz" (a boy) as Per. So "people" as a group might be Org? No, Org is organizations. Wait, the class Per includes human individuals or groups? Wait, the initial definition says Per is entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. So groups of people might not be Per. But in the example, "O rapaz" is a single individual. So "people" as a collective might be considered as a group, but the classes don't have a "group" category. Wait, looking back at the classes: Org is organizations, governments, teams, etc. So "authorities of Germany" would be Org? Or Per? Wait, "authorities" are people in positions, so maybe Per. But if it's a collective noun, like the government, then Org. Hmm, this is tricky.

Wait, the example given for Org was "A EDP" (a company). So "authorities of Germany" could be considered as an organization, like the government. But "authorities" might refer to the people in authority, so Per. But the class Per is for individuals or characters. If it's a group, maybe it's Org. But I'm not sure. Let me check the definitions again.

The class Org is for entities with an organizational structure, like companies, governments, teams. So "authorities of Germany" could be the government, which is an Org. But "authorities" might be the people in those roles, which would be Per. However, in the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org. So maybe "authorities of Germany" is Org. But I'm not 100% certain. Alternatively, if it's referring to the people in the authorities, then Per. But the term "authorities" is more of an organization. Hmm.

Next, "the same publication": that's a source, so Org. The example had "Lusa." as Org. So "the same publication" is an organization, so Org. Confidence high here, 0.95.

"Germany" is a country, so Pl_country. The example had "England" as Pl_country. So that's straightforward, 0.95.

Now, "people" again. If it's "people" in general, not a specific group, maybe it's Per. But the class Per is for individuals. Wait, the definition says Per includes human individuals or groups? The initial definition says Per is entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. So groups of people might not be Per. But "people" is a collective noun. However, in the example, "O rapaz" is a single person. So maybe "people" here is considered as a group, but the class doesn't have a group category. Wait, looking at the classes again: there's Org for organizations, and Per for individuals. So "people" as a general term might not fit into any class. Wait, but the example had "people" in the input, like in the first example, but the output didn't have "people" as a participant. Wait, in the first example, the participants included "people" as part of "authorities of Germany", but maybe that's a different case.

Alternatively, maybe "people" here is considered as Per. But since it's plural, maybe it's not. Wait, the class Per includes individuals, so maybe "people" is not a Per. Then, what class? The Other class is for entities that don't fit. But "people" is a human group. Wait, the example in the task had "O cao" (the dog) as Nat. So "people" might be considered as Per even if plural? Because the class Per is for human individuals or characters. Wait, the definition says "entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities." So "people" as a group might not be a Per. Then, maybe "people" is Other? But that's not right. Alternatively, maybe "people" is considered as Per. But I'm confused here.

Wait, looking back at the example provided in the task. The first example's output had "source" as Per. So "source" is a person. In the input, "source" refers to a person. So "people" in the input here is a general term, but in the context of the quote, it's referring to the people of Germany. So maybe "people" is Per. But if it's a collective noun, perhaps it's considered as Org? No, Org is organizations. So maybe "people" is Per. But the class Per is for individuals. Hmm. This is a bit ambiguous. Maybe I should go with Per for "people" here, with a confidence of 0.8, since it's a general term but refers to humans.

Putting it all together:

- "injured people": Per (individuals), 0.95
- "people": Per (individuals), 0.8
- "authorities of Germany": Org (government), 0.9
- "the same publication": Org (organization), 0.95
- "Germany": Pl_country, 0.95

I think that's the best I can do here, even if some classifications are a bit uncertain.
</think>

<Output>[["injured people", "Per", 0.95], ["people", "Per", 0.8], ["authorities of Germany", "Org", 0.9], ["the same publication", "Org", 0.95], ["Germany", "Pl_country", 0.95]]</Output>