<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" or "a stopped engine" are included, though some might be considered parts of larger entities. 

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "Police and rescue teams asked people to avoid the city center, with even more details about the incident unknown."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "Police" and "rescue teams" as they are the ones taking action. Then, "people" are the ones being asked to avoid the city center. The city center is a location, but the definition says participants can be entities impacted, so maybe "city center" counts. However, in the example, "airport" and "Lisbon" were included, so perhaps locations are considered participants if they are directly involved. 

Wait, in the example, "airport" was listed, but in the input, "Humberto Delgado Airport" was a specific entity. Here, "city center" is a general term, but maybe it's still a participant. Also, "the incident" is mentioned, but that's an event, not an entity. 

Looking at the example output, they included "source" and "the same source" as participants, which are roles. So maybe "people" is a participant here. Also, "Police and rescue teams" are groups, so they should be included. 

The phrase "asked people to avoid the city center" – "people" are the ones being addressed, so they are participants. The city center is the location they are avoiding, so maybe that's a participant. But the example included "airport" as a participant, so perhaps locations are included. 

Also, "details about the incident" – "incident" is an event, not an entity. So maybe not. 

So possible participants: "Police", "rescue teams", "people", "city center". 

Wait, the example included "the airports" as a participant. In this case, "city center" is a location, so similar to "airport" in the example. 

But the example also included "Lisbon" as a participant, which is a city. So maybe "city center" is acceptable. 

But the user's example had "the airports" as a participant. So in this case, "city center" would be a participant. 

But the instruction says participants are entities involved or impacted. The city center is being avoided, so it's impacted. 

So the list would be: ["Police", "rescue teams", "people", "city center"]. 

Now, confidence levels. "Police" and "rescue teams" are clearly groups, so high confidence (0.95). "People" is the subject being asked, so 0.9. "City center" is a location, but maybe less certain. The example included "airport" with 1.0, but here "city center" is more general. Maybe 0.8. 

Wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was included as a participant. So if the city center is part of the city, but here it's just "city center" without a specific name. Maybe the confidence is lower. 

Alternatively, maybe "city center" isn't a participant. The example included "airport" as a participant, but "city center" might be considered a location rather than an entity. Hmm. 

Alternatively, maybe "city center" is not an entity but a location, so perhaps not included. But the example included "airport" as a participant. So maybe "city center" is acceptable. 

I think I'll go with the four entities: Police, rescue teams, people, city center. Assigning confidence scores accordingly.
</think>

[["Police", 0.95], ["rescue teams", 0.95], ["people", 0.9], ["city center", 0.8]]