<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input sentence and the participants listed. The sentence is: "Police and rescue teams asked people to avoid the city center, with even more details about the incident unknown."

The participants to classify are: ["Police", "rescue teams", "people", "city center"].

Starting with "Police". According to the classes, "Org" is for organizations, but "Police" here is likely referring to the police force as an organization. However, sometimes "police" can be a collective noun, but in this context, it's more of an organization. Wait, the example given in the classes for "Org" includes companies, governments, teams, institutions. "Police" could be considered an organization. But wait, the example for "Per" includes human individuals or characters. But "Police" as a collective might be an organization. Hmm, but maybe in this case, "Police" is acting as a group, so maybe "Org". Alternatively, if it's referring to individual officers, but the sentence uses "Police" as a collective noun. So I think "Org" is correct here.

Next, "rescue teams". This is definitely an organization or a team, so "Org" again. The example given for "Org" includes teams, so that fits.

"people" refers to individuals, so "Per" is the class here. The definition of "Per" includes human individuals, so that's straightforward.

"city center" is a location. Looking at the classes, "Pl_civil" is a political region or administrative area, usually sub-national. But "city center" isn't a political region; it's more of a part of a city. The "Pl_region" is a non-political or non-administrative region, like a desert or island. However, "city center" might not fit exactly. Alternatively, "Fac" is for facilities, but "city center" isn't a facility. "Path" is a location that can be traversed, but "city center" is more of a place. Wait, the "Loc" class is for places that don't fit other Pl_ values. So maybe "Loc" here. But looking at the example given for "Pl_civil", it includes "Lisbon" as a Pl_capital. Wait, "city center" isn't a capital or a country. So maybe "Loc" is the correct class here. Alternatively, "Pl_region" if it's considered a non-political region. But I'm not sure. Let me check the definitions again. The "Pl_region" is a non-political or non-administrative region, like a desert or island. "City center" is part of a city, which is a political entity. So maybe "Loc" is the right class here. So "city center" would be "Loc" with confidence maybe 0.8 or so.

Wait, but in the example given in the task, "airport" was classified as "Fac". So "city center" isn't a facility, but a location. So "Loc" seems correct. Alternatively, maybe "Pl_civil" if it's considered part of a city, but I think "Pl_civil" is more for administrative areas. So "Loc" is the safest choice here.

So compiling the classifications:

- Police: Org
- rescue teams: Org
- people: Per
- city center: Loc

Confidences: For "Police" and "rescue teams", I'm pretty confident they are Org. "People" is definitely Per. "City center" as Loc, maybe 0.8 confidence since it's a bit ambiguous but fits Loc better than other categories.
</think>

<Output>[["Police", "Org", 0.95], ["rescue teams", "Org", 0.9], ["people", "Per", 0.98], ["city center", "Loc", 0.8]]</Output>