<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like organizations, people, places, or objects involved in the event.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "The fire that partially consumed the house was extinguished at 8:51 am, Civil Protection reported."

Breaking it down, the main event is a fire that consumed part of a house and was extinguished. The participants here would be the fire, the house, Civil Protection, and possibly the time mentioned. 

Starting with "The fire" – that's clearly an entity involved. The house is another, as it was consumed. "Civil Protection" is the organization that reported the extinguishing. The time "8:51 am" might be considered, but the example in the task didn't include time elements, so maybe it's not a participant. The example output had "engine" and "airport" as participants, so maybe objects and locations count. 

Wait, in the example, "engine" was included as a participant. So even though "engine" is a part of the plane, it's considered a participant. Similarly, "house" here is a participant. The fire is the main event, but is it considered a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The fire is the event itself, but maybe it's still considered a participant. 

Then "Civil Protection" is definitely an organization involved. The example included "source" and "the same source" as participants, so maybe "Civil Protection" is a participant here. 

So the entities would be: "fire", "house", "Civil Protection", "8:51 am"? But in the example, time wasn't included. Let me check the example again. The example input had "5:50 pm" and "6:32 p.m." but in the output, those times weren't listed. So maybe times aren't considered participants. 

So the participants here are "fire", "house", "Civil Protection". 

Wait, the example output included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So even if it's a part of the plane, like the engine, it's considered a participant. So in this case, the fire is an event, but maybe it's considered an entity. The house is a physical entity. Civil Protection is an organization. 

So the list would be ["fire", "house", "Civil Protection"]. 

Confidence scores: "fire" is definitely a participant, so 1.0. "house" is also clearly involved, 1.0. "Civil Protection" is the reporting entity, so 1.0. 

Wait, but the example had "a Public Security Police" as a participant. So in this case, "Civil Protection" is an organization, so that's correct. 

I think that's all. The time isn't included, and other elements like "at 8:51 am" are just time markers, not participants. So the final answer should be those three entities with confidence 1.0 each.
</think>

[["fire", 1.0], ["house", 1.0], ["Civil Protection", 1.0]]