<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input sentence and the participants to classify. The sentence is: "The fire that partially consumed the house was extinguished at 8:51 am, Civil Protection reported." The participants are "fire", "house", and "Civil Protection".

Starting with "fire". According to the classes, Nat includes animals, plants, and natural entities. Fire is a natural phenomenon, but wait, the classes don't have a specific category for fire. Let me check the definitions again. The Nat class is for non-manmade, natural entities like animals and plants. Fire is a result of combustion, which is a natural process, but is it considered a natural entity? Alternatively, maybe it's classified under Other. But looking at the examples, "Obj" is for manmade objects. Fire isn't manmade, but it's not a natural entity like a tree or animal. Hmm. Wait, the example for Nat includes "cao" (dog), which is an animal. Maybe fire isn't in Nat. The Other class is for entities that don't fit elsewhere. So maybe "fire" is Other? Or perhaps it's considered an event, but the task is about participants, which are entities involved. Alternatively, maybe "fire" is an Obj because it's a phenomenon, but that might not be right. Wait, the example for Obj includes "a cadeira" (chair), which is a manmade object. Fire isn't manmade, so maybe it's Other. But I'm not sure. Let me check the examples again. The example given for Other is "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burned), which is a sensory experience, not an entity. So maybe "fire" is a natural event, but the classes don't have a specific category for it. Maybe it's considered as Nat? Or perhaps it's an event, but participants are entities. This is tricky. I'll have to make a judgment call here. Since fire is a natural phenomenon, maybe it's in Nat. But the Nat examples are animals and plants. Alternatively, maybe it's in Other. I'll go with Nat for now, but I'm not entirely confident.

Next, "house". The Obj class is for tangible, manmade objects. A house is a manmade structure, so that's Obj. That seems straightforward.

Then, "Civil Protection". The Org class is for organizations. Civil Protection is likely an organization or government body, so Org. The example given for Org includes "A EDP" (a company), so Civil Protection as an organization would fit here.

So the classifications would be:
- "fire": Nat (confidence maybe 0.7)
- "house": Obj (confidence 0.9)
- "Civil Protection": Org (confidence 0.9)

Wait, but earlier I was unsure about "fire". Let me check the definitions again. The Nat class is for non-manmade, natural entities. Fire is a natural phenomenon, but is it considered a natural entity? If not, then Other. However, in the example for Nat, "O cao" (dog) is an animal, which is a natural entity. Fire is a result of combustion, which is a natural process, but the fire itself is a temporary event. Maybe it's better to classify it as Other. Alternatively, if there's no better category, maybe Other. But the user's example for Other is "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burned), which is a sensory experience, not an entity. So perhaps "fire" is an event, not an entity. But the task is to classify participants, which are entities. If "fire" is an entity here, then maybe it's considered as Nat. I think I'll stick with Nat for "fire" with a confidence of 0.7, but I'm not 100% sure. Alternatively, if there's no better fit, maybe Other. Hmm. Let me think again. The example for Obj is "a cadeira" (chair), which is manmade. The example for Nat is "O cao" (dog). Fire isn't an animal or plant, so maybe it's Other. But the user's example for Other is a smell, which is a non-entity. So maybe "fire" is an event, not an entity, but the task is to classify participants, which are entities. If "fire" is an entity here, perhaps it's considered as an event, but the classes don't have an event category. Therefore, maybe it's Other. I'll go with Other for "fire" with a confidence of 0.6.
</think>

<Output>[["fire", "Nat", 0.7], ["house", "Obj", 0.9], ["Civil Protection", "Org", 0.9]]</Output>