<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, though that seems a bit odd. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a mistake? Hmm, but the user says to follow the example, so I need to be careful.

First, I'll read the input text carefully. The input is: "The National Maritime Authority today carried out searches, so far without success, on the Guadiana River, following the alert of the disappearance of a 48-year-old man, near Foz de Odeleite, in the municipality of Castro Marim."

Breaking it down, the main event is the search by the National Maritime Authority. The participants would be the authority, the river, the man who disappeared, the location Foz de Odeleite, the municipality Castro Marim. Also, the alert might be part of the process, but the alert itself is an action, not an entity. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. So the National Maritime Authority is definitely a participant as the actor. The Guadiana River is the location where the search happened. The 48-year-old man is the subject of the disappearance. The locations Foz de Odeleite and Castro Marim are places involved. 

But wait, the example included things like "airport" and "the airports" as participants. So maybe even generic terms like "river" or "municipality" are considered participants. Also, the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities, even though they might refer to the same thing. So I need to check for all possible entities, even if they are repeated or parts of phrases.

Looking at the example output again, they included "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entities. So in this case, "The National Maritime Authority" is an organization, so that's a participant. "Guadiana River" is a location. "a 48-year-old man" is an individual. "Foz de Odeleite" and "Castro Marim" are places. The "municipality of Castro Marim" might be considered as an entity, but maybe just "Castro Marim" is enough. Also, the "disappearance" is an event, not an entity. 

Wait, the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. That seems like parts of the event, but maybe in the context, they are considered as entities. However, in this case, the river is a location, the man is a person, the authority is an organization, and the places are locations. So I need to list each of these. 

I should also check if "searches" is an action, not an entity. The example didn't include verbs, only nouns or noun phrases. So "searches" would not be a participant. 

So compiling the list: "The National Maritime Authority", "Guadiana River", "a 48-year-old man", "Foz de Odeleite", "Castro Marim", "municipality of Castro Marim". Wait, but in the example, "the airports" was included. So maybe "the municipality of Castro Marim" is considered as "municipality of Castro Marim" as an entity. But the user's example had "Lisbon" and "the airports" as separate entries. So perhaps each instance of a location or entity is listed, even if it's a generic term.

But in the input, "the municipality of Castro Marim" is a specific entity, so that's a participant. However, the example included "Lisbon" as a participant, so maybe just "Castro Marim" is enough. But the input says "in the municipality of Castro Marim", so the municipality is an entity. However, the example included "Lisbon" as a participant, so perhaps "Castro Marim" is sufficient. 

Also, the example included "the same source" as a participant, which refers to the Public Security Police source. So in this case, maybe "The National Maritime Authority" is the main participant. 

I need to make sure that all entities are captured, even if they are repeated. For example, "Lisbon" was listed twice in the example. So in this case, "Castro Marim" might be listed once. 

So the final list would be:

- The National Maritime Authority (organization)
- Guadiana River (location)
- a 48-year-old man (individual)
- Foz de Odeleite (location)
- Castro Marim (location)
- municipality of Castro Marim (entity)

But wait, the example included "airport" as a participant. So maybe "Guadiana River" is considered a participant. Also, the example included "the airports" as a participant, so "the Guadiana River" might be included. But in the input, it's "on the Guadiana River", so "the Guadiana River" is the entity. 

So adjusting that, the participants would be:

["The National Maritime Authority", "Guadiana River", "a 48-year-old man", "Foz de Odeleite", "Castro Marim", "municipality of Castro Marim"]

But the example included "airport" as a participant, so maybe "Guadiana River" is included. Also, the example had "the airports" as a separate entry. However, in this case, "the Guadiana River" is a specific entity, so that's a participant. 

Now, assigning confidence scores. The National Maritime Authority is clearly an organization, so high confidence (0.95). The Guadiana River is a location, high confidence (0.9). The man is an individual, but the age is given, so maybe 0.85. Foz de Odeleite and Castro Marim are specific places, high confidence (0.9 each). The municipality of Castro Marim is a bit more specific, but still a participant, so 0.85. 

Wait, but the example included "Lisbon" as a participant, even though it's a city. So in this case, Castro Marim is a municipality, so it's a participant. 

So the JSON array would be:

[
  ["The National Maritime Authority", 0.95],
  ["Guadiana River", 0.9],
  ["a 48-year-old man", 0.85],
  ["Foz de Odeleite", 0.9],
  ["Castro Marim", 0.9],
  ["municipality of Castro Marim", 0.85]
]

I need to check if "the municipality of Castro Marim" is a separate entity. The input says "in the municipality of Castro Marim", so the municipality is an entity. However, in the example, "Lisbon" was included as a participant, so maybe "Castro Marim" is sufficient. But the example also included "the airports" as a participant. So perhaps "municipality of Castro Marim" is a more specific entity. However, the user's example included "Lisbon" as a participant, not "the municipality of Lisbon". So maybe "Castro Marim" is enough. 

Alternatively, maybe "municipality of Castro Marim" is considered a participant. But the example didn't include "municipality of Lisbon", just "Lisbon". So perhaps "Castro Marim" is the correct entry. 

In that case, the list would be:

["The National Maritime Authority", "Guadiana River", "a 48-year-old man", "Foz de Odeleite", "Castro Marim"]

Confidence scores adjusted accordingly. 

But the example included "the airports" as a participant, so maybe "the Guadiana River" is included. However, the input says "on the Guadiana River", so "the Guadiana River" is the entity. 

So the final answer would be:

[
  ["The National Maritime Authority", 0.95],
  ["Guadiana River", 0.9],
  ["a 48-year-old man", 0.85],
  ["Foz de Odeleite", 0.9],
  ["Castro Marim", 0.9]
]

I think that's the correct approach. Each entity is listed with their confidence scores, ensuring that all relevant participants are included based on the definition.
</think>

[["The National Maritime Authority", 0.95], ["Guadiana River", 0.9], ["a 48-year-old man", 0.85], ["Foz de Odeleite", 0.9], ["Castro Marim", 0.9]]