<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what qualifies as a participant based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "In a statement, the authority states that the man of Romanian nationality, who has not yet been found, disappeared during the afternoon, after entering the water and no longer being seen by two fishermen who accompanied him."

Breaking it down, the main event is a man disappearing. The participants would include the man himself, the authority making the statement, the two fishermen, and possibly any organizations mentioned. Let's go through each part.

First, "the authority" – this is an entity, but it's a bit vague. The term "authority" might refer to a specific organization, but since it's not named, I might have to consider it as a participant with lower confidence. However, sometimes "authority" could be a role rather than a specific entity. But the example given in the task included "a Public Security Police" as a participant, so maybe "the authority" here is considered a participant even if it's not named. But wait, in the example, "source" was included as a participant. Hmm, maybe "the authority" is a participant here.

Next, "the man of Romanian nationality" – clearly an individual, so that's a participant. The nationality is part of his description, but the entity is the man himself. Then "two fishermen who accompanied him" – the fishermen are participants as they were involved in the event. The text says they accompanied him and saw him enter the water. 

Are there any organizations mentioned? The example had "Jota Aviation" and "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" as organizations. In this case, the only organization might be "the authority," but if it's not specified, maybe not. The example also included "source" as a participant, so maybe "the authority" here is similar. However, "the authority" is a role, not a specific entity. Wait, but in the example, "a Public Security Police" was included as a participant. So if "the authority" is a specific entity, like a government body, but the text doesn't specify its name, maybe it's better to include it as "the authority" with lower confidence.

Also, "Romanian nationality" is an attribute of the man, not an entity. "Water" might be a location, but the definition says participants are entities involved. The water isn't an entity here, just a location. The fishermen are individuals, so they are participants. 

So compiling the list: the man, the authority, the two fishermen. Wait, but the example included "the same source" as a participant. In this case, "the authority" is the one making the statement, so maybe that's a participant. Also, the fishermen are participants because they accompanied him and saw him. 

Now, confidence scores. The man is explicitly mentioned, so high confidence (0.9). The authority is mentioned but not named, so maybe 0.7. The two fishermen are explicitly mentioned, so 0.9 each. However, the example included "two fishermen" as a single entity. Wait, in the example output, "two fishermen" was included as one entity. So here, "two fishermen" would be one entity. Also, "the man of Romanian nationality" is one entity. 

Wait, the example output had entries like "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entities. So in this case, "the authority" is one entity, "the man of Romanian nationality" is another, "two fishermen" as another. Are there any other entities? The text mentions "the water" but that's a location, not a participant. 

So the final list would be:

- "the authority" (confidence 0.7)
- "the man of Romanian nationality" (0.9)
- "two fishermen" (0.9)

Wait, but the example included "source" as a participant. In the input, "the authority" is the one making the statement, similar to the "source" in the example. So "the authority" is a participant. Also, the fishermen are participants because they were involved in the event. 

I should check if "Romanian nationality" is part of the entity. The example had "engine failure" as an entity, but that's an event. Here, "Romanian nationality" is an attribute of the man, so the entity is the man, not the nationality. So the entity is "the man of Romanian nationality" as a single entity. 

So the JSON list would be:

[
  ["the authority", 0.7],
  ["the man of Romanian nationality", 0.9],
  ["two fishermen", 0.9]
]

Wait, but the example included "the airports" as an entity. In this case, "the water" isn't an entity, but "the airports" in the example were part of the event. However, in the current input, there's no mention of an organization's name, so "the authority" is the only possible organization. 

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any. The text says "the authority states that..." so the authority is a participant. The man is a participant. The fishermen are participants. No other entities are mentioned. So that's the list.
</think>

[["the authority", 0.7], ["the man of Romanian nationality", 0.9], ["two fishermen", 0.9]]