<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "a Public Security Police" are considered entities, so I need to be careful with phrases that might be part of a larger noun phrase.

First, I'll read the input sentence: "The searches were interrupted at the end of the afternoon and will resume on Monday, a source from the National Maritime Authority told Lusa."

Breaking it down, the main event is the interruption of searches. The participants here would be the entities involved in this event. Let's look for explicit mentions first.

- "a source from the National Maritime Authority" – here, "source" is mentioned, but it's a role. However, the National Maritime Authority is an organization, so that's a participant. The source is part of the National Maritime Authority, so maybe "National Maritime Authority" is the entity here. But the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity, so maybe even the role is considered. Wait, in the example, "a Public Security Police" was included. So perhaps "source" is a role, but the actual entity is the National Maritime Authority. However, the example also included "source" and "the same source" as entities. Hmm, that's a bit confusing. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, "a Public Security Police source told Lusa" led to "a Public Security Police" being listed as an entity. So even though "source" is a role, the phrase "a Public Security Police" is considered an entity. So in this case, "a source from the National Maritime Authority" would have "source" as part of the entity? Wait, no. The example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity, but "source" was also listed. Wait, looking at the example output:

["Plane", "to engine", "A plane", "engine", "the aircraft", "a stopped engine", "The aircraft", "The plane", "airport", "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", "the airports", "Farnborough", "England", "Lisbon", "Lusa.", "a Public Security Police", "airline Jota Aviation", "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", "source", "the same source", "Lisbon", "website."]

So "source" is included as an entity, even though it's a role. So in the current input, "a source from the National Maritime Authority" would have "source" as an entity, and "National Maritime Authority" as another. Also, "Lusa" is mentioned as the entity that the source told. So "Lusa" is an entity here.

So the participants would be:

- "source" (the role)
- "National Maritime Authority" (the organization the source is from)
- "Lusa" (the news agency)

Additionally, "searches" might be considered as an entity, but the example didn't include verbs or actions as entities. The example had "engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities, which are objects. So "searches" might be an entity here, but I need to check if that's the case.

Wait, the example included "the aircraft" and "the plane" as entities. So in this case, "searches" is an action, but the participants are the entities involved. The searches themselves are the event, but the participants are the ones involved in the event. So the participants would be the source, the National Maritime Authority, Lusa, and maybe the entity conducting the searches. However, the input doesn't mention who is conducting the searches. It just says "the searches were interrupted." So unless there's an implied entity, like the authority conducting the searches, but that's not mentioned. So maybe only the source, National Maritime Authority, and Lusa are the participants.

Wait, but the example included "the same source" as an entity. So "source" is considered an entity here. So in this input, "a source" is an entity, and "National Maritime Authority" is another. Also, "Lusa" is an entity.

So the output would be:

["source", 0.8], ["National Maritime Authority", 0.9], ["Lusa", 0.9]

But I need to check if "searches" is considered an entity. The example had "engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities. So "searches" might be an entity here. However, in the example, "engine" was part of the event, but the participants were the entities involved. The example included "engine" as an entity, but maybe that's because it's a noun. So "searches" is a noun here, so it might be considered an entity. However, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The searches are the event, not the participants. So maybe "searches" isn't a participant. The participants are the ones involved in the event, like the source, the authority, and Lusa.

So the final list would be:

["source", 0.8], ["National Maritime Authority", 0.9], ["Lusa", 0.9]

But I need to check if "source" is a participant. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The source is providing information, so they are involved. So yes, "source" is a participant. Also, "Lusa" is the entity that the source told, so they are involved. The National Maritime Authority is the organization the source is from, so they are an entity involved.

So the JSON array would be:

[["source", 0.8], ["National Maritime Authority", 0.9], ["Lusa", 0.9]]

I need to make sure that I'm not missing any other entities. The input also mentions "Monday" and "the end of the afternoon," but those are time expressions, not participants. "The searches" is the event, not a participant. So the answer should be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["source", 0.8], ["National Maritime Authority", 0.9], ["Lusa", 0.9]]