<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Aprrendidas quase quatro toneladas de haxixe no rio Guadiana - GNR". The participants to classify are "GNR", "rio Guadiana", and "haxixe".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had entries like "Avião" classified as Object, "aeroporto" as Facility, and "Lisboa" as a location (Pl_capital). 

Starting with "GNR". I know that GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is the national gendarmerie of Portugal. That's an organization, so "GNR" should be "Org".

Next, "rio Guadiana". "Rio" means river in Portuguese, so "rio Guadiana" is a river. Rivers are natural features, so that's "Nature" or maybe "Location". Wait, in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is a location. But "rio Guadiana" is a river, which is a natural feature. The class "Nature" might be more appropriate here. However, sometimes rivers are considered locations. Let me check the example again. In the example, "aeroporto" was "Facility", "Lisboa" was "Pl_capital", which is a location. So maybe "rio Guadiana" is a "Location" under the "Pl_water" or similar. But the classes given don't have subcategories like Pl_water. The example used "Pl_capital" for cities. Since "rio" is a natural feature, maybe "Nature" is the right class here. Hmm, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, "Location" might be more general. Wait, the example had "Farnborough" as "Pl_civil", which is a place. So maybe "rio Guadiana" is a "Location" (Pl_water). But the classes don't have that. The user's classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "Location" is a category, and "Nature" is another. Since a river is a natural feature, "Nature" might be correct. But I'm not entirely certain. Maybe "Location" is more appropriate if the system treats rivers as locations. However, the example didn't have a river, so I need to make a judgment. Let's go with "Location" for "rio Guadiana".

Then "haxixe". Haxixe is a type of drug, specifically hashish. That's an object, so "Object" would be the class here. In the example, "a aeronave" was "Obj", so similar to that, "haxixe" is an object.

Wait, but "haxixe" is a substance, which is a type of object. So "Object" makes sense. 

So the classifications would be:
- GNR: Organization (Org)
- rio Guadiana: Location (Location)
- haxixe: Object (Obj)

I need to make sure there are no other possibilities. "GNR" is definitely an organization. "Haxixe" is an object. "Rio Guadiana" is a river, which is a natural feature, but the class "Nature" might be more accurate. However, in the example, "aeroporto" was classified as "Facility", which is a man-made structure. A river is natural, so "Nature" might be better. But the example didn't have a river, so I'm not sure. Let me check the classes again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "Location" is a category, and "Nature" is another. If "Location" is for places, then "rio Guadiana" is a location (a place). But "Nature" is for natural features. Maybe the user expects "Location" here. Alternatively, "Nature" could be for natural elements. But I think "Location" is more likely here because it's a specific place, even though it's a river. But I'm not 100% sure. However, in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is a location. So maybe "rio Guadiana" is "Location" as well. I'll go with "Location" for "rio Guadiana".
</think>

<Output>[["GNR", "Org"], ["rio Guadiana", "Location"], ["haxixe", "Obj"]]</Output>