<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they belong to based on the input text. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let me start by reading the input again carefully.

The input is a quote from a family member saying that Soumaila Cissé, the leader of Mali's opposition, died in France where he was transferred for treatment against Covid-19. The source is Agence France-Presse (AFP).

Now, looking at the participants to classify:

1. "Soumaila Cissé" – This is a person's name. The text mentions he's the leader of Mali's opposition, so that's a Person.

2. "Mali's opposition" – This refers to a group or political entity. Since it's an organization or a collective group, it should be an Organization.

3. "France" – This is a country, so a Location. The class for country is under Location.

4. "Agence France-Presse (AFP)" – This is a news agency, which is an Organization.

5. "a family member" – This refers to a person, so Person.

Wait, but the example had "Lusa." as an Organization. Let me check if "Agence France-Presse (AFP)" is an organization. Yes, AFP is a well-known news agency, so that's definitely an Organization.

For "a family member", the example had "source" classified as Person. Here, "a family member" is the one speaking, so that's a Person.

Double-checking each entry:

- "Soumaila Cissé" is a person's name, so Person.
- "Mali's opposition" is an organization (the opposition group), so Organization.
- "France" is a country, Location.
- "Agence France-Presse (AFP)" is an organization, Org.
- "a family member" is a person, Person.

I think that's all. Let me make sure there are no other possible classifications. For example, "Mali's opposition" could be considered a group, but the class Organization includes groups, so that's correct. "France" is a country, so Location. The rest are straightforward.
</think>

[["Soumaila Cissé", "Per"], ["Mali's opposition", "Org"], ["France", "Pl_country"], ["Agence France-Presse (AFP)", "Org"], ["a family member", "Per"]]