<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, or places that are involved or affected.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "O incidente provocou vários feridos, alguns dos quais tiveram se ser transportados para vários hospitais da 'Big Apple', explicou à agência France-Presse (AFP) a polícia de Nova Iorque (NYPD)."

Breaking it down, the main event is an incident causing injuries. The participants here would be the injured people, the hospitals in 'Big Apple' (which is a nickname for New York City), the police (NYPD), the France-Presse (AFP) agency, and possibly 'Big Apple' itself as a location.

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "o motor", "a aeronave", etc., even if they were mentioned multiple times. So repetition is allowed here. Also, the confidence scores vary, so I need to assess each entity's certainty.

Starting with "incidente" – is that a participant? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The incident itself is the event, not a participant. So maybe not. But the example included "o motor" as a participant, which is part of the plane. Hmm, maybe in this case, the injured people are participants. The text says "vários feridos" (several injured), so "feridos" is a participant. Then "hospitais da 'Big Apple'" – the hospitals are participants because they are where the injured were taken. "Big Apple" is a nickname for NYC, so maybe "Big Apple" is a participant as a location. The police (NYPD) are mentioned as explaining the situation, so they are participants. France-Presse (AFP) is the agency being spoken to, so they are participants. Also, "Nova Iorque" is mentioned as part of NYPD, so that's a location. 

Wait, the example output included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if a location is mentioned multiple times, each instance is listed. So in this case, "Big Apple" is mentioned once, but "Nova Iorque" is part of NYPD's name. Also, "hospitais da 'Big Apple'" – the hospitals are participants, so "hospitais" and "Big Apple" might be separate entities. But the example included "os aeroportos" as a participant. So maybe "hospitais" is a participant here.

Let me list possible entities:

1. Feridos (injured people) – definitely participants.
2. Hospitais da 'Big Apple' – the hospitals are participants.
3. 'Big Apple' – as a location, maybe.
4. France-Presse (AFP) – the agency.
5. Polícia de Nova Iorque (NYPD) – the police department.
6. Nova Iorque – the city, as part of NYPD's name.
7. The incident itself? Probably not, since it's the event, not an entity involved.

Confidence scores: "feridos" is clearly mentioned, so high confidence (0.9). "Hospitais da 'Big Apple'" – the hospitals are explicitly mentioned, so 0.9. "Big Apple" as a location might be a bit less certain, but since it's a nickname for NYC, maybe 0.8. "France-Presse (AFP)" is directly mentioned, 0.9. "Polícia de Nova Iorque (NYPD)" is also directly mentioned, 0.9. "Nova Iorque" is part of the police department's name, so 0.8. 

Wait, the example included "a agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entities. So in this case, "France-Presse (AFP)" and "polícia de Nova Iorque (NYPD)" would be separate. Also, "Nova Iorque" as a location. 

So the list would be:

["feridos", 0.9], ["hospitais da 'Big Apple'", 0.9], ["'Big Apple'", 0.8], ["France-Presse (AFP)", 0.9], ["polícia de Nova Iorque (NYPD)", 0.9], ["Nova Iorque", 0.8].

But I need to check if "hospitais" and "Big Apple" are separate. The example included "os aeroportos" as a participant, so maybe "hospitais" is a participant here. However, the phrase is "hospitais da 'Big Apple'", which could be interpreted as the hospitals being in Big Apple. So "hospitais" is the entity, and "Big Apple" is the location. But the example included "aeroportos" as a participant, so maybe "hospitais" is included. Also, "Big Apple" is a nickname, so it's a location. 

Another thing: the example included "a aeronave" and "o avião" as separate entities. So even if they refer to the same thing, they are listed separately. In this case, "feridos" is mentioned once, but maybe "vários feridos" and "alguns dos quais" refer to the same group, but the example included "vários feridos" and "alguns dos quais" as separate entities. Wait, looking back at the example input, the output had "vários feridos" and "alguns dos quais" as separate entries. Wait no, in the example given, the input was about an airplane, and the output had entries like "Um avião", "a aeronave", etc. So in this case, "vários feridos" and "alguns dos quais" are different mentions but refer to the same group. However, the example output included "vários feridos" and "alguns dos quais" as separate entities. Wait, no, looking at the example input and output:

Input example: "Avião aterra de emergência no aeroporto de Lisboa devido a falha no motor..."

Output example includes entries like "Um avião", "a aeronave", "O avião", etc. So even if they refer to the same entity, they are listed as separate entries. So in this case, "vários feridos" and "alguns dos quais" would be separate entries. But in the given input, the text says "vários feridos, alguns dos quais tiveram se ser transportados..." So "vários feridos" and "alguns dos quais" are both referring to the same group. However, the example output included "vários feridos" and "alguns dos quais" as separate entries. Wait, no, looking at the example output provided by the user:

The example output for the airplane input includes entries like "Um avião", "a aeronave", "O avião", etc. So even if they refer to the same entity, they are listed as separate entries. Therefore, in the current input, "vários feridos" and "alguns dos quais" would be separate entries. However, "alguns dos quais" is a relative clause referring back to "feridos", so maybe "alguns dos quais" is not a participant but a descriptor. But the example included "alguns dos quais" as a participant. Wait, looking at the example output:

In the example, the output includes "alguns dos quais" as an entity. Wait, the example input was:

"Avião aterra de emergência no aeroporto de Lisboa devido a falha no motor
Um avião aterrou hoje de emergência no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado, em Lisboa, devido a uma falha no motor, disse à agência Lusa fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública.
O alerta para a aterragem de emergência por a aeronave ter um motor parado, segundo a mesma fonte, foi dado pelas 17:50.
A aeronave aterrou, pelas 18:32, sem incidentes dignos de registo, acrescentou.
O avião pertence à companhia aérea Jota Aviation e fazia a ligação entre os aeroportos de Farnborough, na Inglaterra, e Lisboa, de acordo com o ‘site’ da ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal."

The output is:

["Avião", "o motor", "Um avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", "um motor", "A aeronave", "O avião", "aeroporto", "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", "Lisboa", "os aeroportos", "Farnborough", "Inglaterra", "Lisboa", "à agência Lusa", "a Polícia de Segurança Pública", "companhia aérea Jota Aviation", "a ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", "fonte", "a mesma fonte", "Lisboa", "o ‘site’"]

So "alguns dos quais" is not in the example output. Wait, but the example input didn't have "alguns dos quais" in the text. So maybe in the current input, "alguns dos quais" is not a participant but a relative clause. Therefore, in the current input, "vários feridos" is the participant, and "alguns dos quais" is not. So I should only include "vários feridos" as a participant.

So revising the list:

- "vários feridos" (high confidence)
- "hospitais da 'Big Apple'" (high confidence)
- "'Big Apple'" (as location, maybe 0.8)
- "France-Presse (AFP)" (high confidence)
- "polícia de Nova Iorque (NYPD)" (high confidence)
- "Nova Iorque" (as part of NYPD's name, maybe 0.8)

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" is included multiple times. So even if a location is mentioned in different contexts, each instance is listed. So "Nova Iorque" is mentioned once in the police department's name, so that's one entry. "Big Apple" is a nickname for NYC, so that's a separate entry.

So the final list would be:

["vários feridos", 0.9], ["hospitais da 'Big Apple'", 0.9], ["'Big Apple'", 0.8], ["France-Presse (AFP)", 0.9], ["polícia de Nova Iorque (NYPD)", 0.9], ["Nova Iorque", 0.8].

I need to check if "hospitais da 'Big Apple'" is a single entity or if "hospitais" and "'Big Apple'" are separate. The example included "os aeroportos" as a participant, so "hospitais" would be a participant here. But the phrase is "hospitais da 'Big Apple'", which is the hospitals in Big Apple. So "hospitais" is the entity, and "Big Apple" is the location. However, the example included "aeroportos" as a participant, so "hospitais" is included. Therefore, "hospitais da 'Big Apple'" is the entity, and "'Big Apple'" is another. But maybe "hospitais da 'Big Apple'" is a single entity, and "'Big Apple'" is a separate location. So both are included.

Alternatively, maybe "hospitais da 'Big Apple'" is the same as "hospitais" in Big Apple, but the example included "os aeroportos" as a participant, so "hospitais" is included. Therefore, I think both "hospitais da 'Big Apple'" and "'Big Apple'" are separate entities here. So the list would include both.
</think>

[["vários feridos", 0.9], ["hospitais da 'Big Apple'", 0.9], ["'Big Apple'", 0.8], ["France-Presse (AFP)", 0.9], ["polícia de Nova Iorque (NYPD)", 0.9], ["Nova Iorque", 0.8]]