<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the example input and output, the participants include entities like "Avião", "o motor", "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", etc. The confidence scores range from 0 to 1, and each entity is listed even if repeated. So, I need to make sure I capture all mentions, even duplicates, and assign appropriate confidence levels.

Now, the input given is: "O porta-voz da polícia avançou que o incidente, que ocorreu pelas 16:00 locais (21:00 em Lisboa) não provocou mortos até agora."

Breaking this down, the main entities here are:

1. "porta-voz da polícia" – this is a person or role, so they are a participant. Confidence might be high since it's directly mentioned.
2. "polícia" – the police organization is involved, so they are a participant. High confidence.
3. "incidente" – the event itself, which is a participant as it's the central event. High confidence.
4. "Lisboa" – location mentioned in the time zone conversion. Confidence could be medium since it's a place related to the event.
5. "mortos" – victims, but the text says "não provocou mortos" (no deaths yet). So "mortos" might be a participant as victims, but since there are none, maybe lower confidence? Or is it still considered a participant because it's a potential outcome? The example included "victims" as participants, so maybe include it with lower confidence.
6. "16:00 locais" and "21:00 em Lisboa" – time references. Are times considered participants? The example didn't include times, so maybe not. But the user's example included "aeroportos" and "Lisboa" as participants, which are locations. Times might not be participants unless they are entities. Hmm, need to check the definition again. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. Time might not be an entity but a temporal aspect. So maybe exclude times.

Wait, the example output included "Lisboa" multiple times. So locations are included. But times? The example didn't have times. So perhaps only locations, not times. So in this input, "Lisboa" is a location, so include that. The time references (16:00, 21:00) might not be participants.

So the participants here would be:

- "porta-voz da polícia" (high confidence)
- "polícia" (high)
- "incidente" (high)
- "Lisboa" (medium, since it's a location mentioned in the time conversion)
- "mortos" (maybe low, as the text says there are none, but it's a potential participant)

Wait, the example included "o motor" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So parts of entities can be participants if they are involved. But in this case, "mortos" is a category of people, but since there are none, maybe it's not a participant. Alternatively, the mention of "mortos" is part of the event's impact, so even if there are none, it's a participant. The example included "incidente" as a participant, so maybe "mortos" is also included.

But the example output for the previous input included "incidente" as a participant? Let me check. The previous example's output didn't have "incidente" listed. Wait, the previous example's input was about an emergency landing, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", etc. So "incidente" wasn't in that output. Hmm, maybe "incidente" is not considered a participant here. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The incident itself is the event, so maybe it's not an entity but the event. But the example included "incidente" as a participant? No, in the previous example, the output didn't have "incidente". So perhaps "incidente" is not a participant here. Wait, the user's example input didn't mention "incidente", but in the current input, the word "incidente" is used. So I need to decide if "incidente" is a participant.

Alternatively, maybe "incidente" is the event itself, which is the main subject, but participants are the entities involved. So the "incidente" is the event, not a participant. Therefore, maybe "incidente" is not a participant. But the example output included "incidente" in the output? No, the example output given by the user didn't have "incidente". Let me check again.

The example input was about an emergency landing. The output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", "Lisboa", etc. So "incidente" wasn't listed. Therefore, in this current input, "incidente" might not be considered a participant. So perhaps I should exclude it.

So, focusing on the current input:

- "porta-voz da polícia" – a person or role, participant.
- "polícia" – organization, participant.
- "Lisboa" – location, participant.
- "mortos" – potential victims, but the text says there are none. However, the mention of "mortos" is part of the event's impact. The example included "victims" as participants, so maybe "mortos" is included here with lower confidence.

But the example output didn't include "victims" explicitly. Wait, the example input had "sem incidentes dignos de registo" (no incidents worth noting), but the output included "incidentes" as a participant? No, the output didn't have "incidentes". So perhaps "incidentes" is not a participant. Therefore, "mortos" might not be a participant here, since the text states there are none. But the mention of "mortos" is part of the event's context, so maybe it's a participant. Alternatively, since there are no actual victims, maybe it's not. This is a bit ambiguous.

Alternatively, the user's example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. So any entity that is mentioned, even if it's a role or a source, is included. Therefore, "porta-voz da polícia" is a participant, "polícia" is a participant, "Lisboa" is a participant. "mortos" is a category, but since there are none, maybe it's not a participant. However, the text mentions "não provocou mortos", which is about the absence of victims. So "mortos" is a potential participant, but since there are none, maybe it's not included. Alternatively, the mention of "mortos" is part of the event's impact, so it's a participant. But the example didn't include "incidentes" or "mortos", so maybe not.

This is a bit tricky. Let's go back to the definition. Participants are entities involved or impacted. The "incidente" is the event itself, not an entity. The "mortos" are people who could be impacted, but since there are none, maybe they are not participants. However, the mention of "mortos" is part of the event's description, so maybe it's a participant. But the example didn't include such terms. Alternatively, the user's example included "incidentes" as part of the output? No, in the example output, "incidentes" wasn't listed. So perhaps "incidente" and "mortos" are not participants here.

So the participants would be:

- "porta-voz da polícia" (high confidence)
- "polícia" (high)
- "Lisboa" (medium)

Wait, but "Lisboa" is mentioned in the time conversion. The example included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if it's part of a time reference, it's included as a participant. So "Lisboa" is a participant here.

So the final list would be:

["porta-voz da polícia", 0.9], ["polícia", 0.9], ["Lisboa", 0.7]

But wait, the example output included "aeroportos" as a participant. In this case, "Lisboa" is a location, so it's included. The time references (16:00, 21:00) are not included as participants.

Therefore, the JSON array would be:

[["porta-voz da polícia", 0.9], ["polícia", 0.9], ["Lisboa", 0.7]]

But I need to check if "porta-voz da polícia" is considered a participant. Since it's a role (spokesperson) of the police, which is an organization. The example included "fonte" (source) as a participant. So "porta-voz da polícia" is a role, so it's a participant. Therefore, it should be included.

Another thing: the example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So if there are multiple mentions, they are all included. In this input, "porta-voz da polícia" is mentioned once, so one entry. "polícia" is mentioned once. "Lisboa" is mentioned once in the time conversion. So the three entries.

Confidence scores: "porta-voz da polícia" is a specific role, so high confidence (0.9). "polícia" is an organization, high confidence (0.9). "Lisboa" is a location, medium confidence (0.7) because it's part of the time conversion, but the example included "Lisboa" with higher confidence in other contexts. However, in the example, "Lisboa" was mentioned as part of the airport name, which is more direct. Here, it's part of a time zone conversion, so maybe lower confidence. But the example included "Lisboa" multiple times with varying confidence. For example, in the example output, "Lisboa" appears three times with different confidence scores. So maybe in this case, "Lisboa" is 0.7.

So the final answer should be the JSON array with these three entries.
</think>

[["porta-voz da polícia", 0.9], ["polícia", 0.9], ["Lisboa", 0.7]]