<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Em comunicado, a GNR esclarece que os viveiros foram apreendidos na quinta-feira, numa ação de patrulhamento fluvial levada a cabo com o objetivo de controlar as regras de captura de pescado e segurança marítima."

Breaking it down, the main event is the seizure of fish farms (viveiros) by the GNR (Guarda Nacional Republicana) during a river patrol. The participants here would be the GNR, the fish farms, and possibly the entities involved in the patrol. Let's list them out.

First, "a GNR" is clearly an organization involved. Then "os viveiros" (the fish farms) were seized, so they are participants. The patrol action was carried out by the GNR, so maybe "ação de patrulhamento fluvial" is an action, but the entity conducting it is the GNR again. The objectives mention controlling fishing rules and maritime safety, which might relate to regulatory bodies, but they aren't explicitly named here. The text doesn't mention other organizations or individuals, so I should focus on the explicitly mentioned ones.

Wait, the user's example included entities like "aeroporto", "Lisboa", etc., even if they were locations. So in this case, "GNR" is an organization, "os viveiros" are the fish farms, and maybe "a ação de patrulhamento fluvial" as an action, but the example didn't include actions, only entities. Let me check the example again.

In the example, they included "o motor", "a aeronave", "aeroporto", etc., which are entities. So in this case, "GNR" is an organization, "os viveiros" are the fish farms, and "a ação de patrulhamento fluvial" might be considered as an action, but the example didn't include actions. Wait, the example included "a aeronave" and "o motor" as entities. So maybe "ação de patrulhamento fluvial" is not an entity but an action. Therefore, the participants here are GNR, os viveiros, and maybe the location where the action took place? The text mentions "na quinta-feira" (on Thursday) and "numa ação de patrulhamento fluvial", but the location isn't specified beyond the action. So perhaps only GNR and os viveiros are the participants. Wait, but the example included "aeroporto", "Lisboa", etc., even if they were locations. So maybe locations are considered participants if they are mentioned. However, in this input, the location isn't explicitly named beyond the action. The action is "numa ação de patrulhamento fluvial", which is a river patrol. So maybe the river or the area isn't named here. Therefore, the main participants are GNR and os viveiros. But wait, the example also included "fonte", "a mesma fonte", which were entities. So in this case, "a GNR" is the entity, "os viveiros" are the entities. Are there any other entities? The text says "com o objetivo de controlar as regras de captura de pescado e segurança marítima." The objectives relate to controlling fishing rules and maritime safety, which might imply regulatory bodies, but they aren't named here. So I think the main participants are GNR and os viveiros. Let me check the example again. The example included "a agência Lusa", "a Polícia de Segurança Pública", etc., which are organizations. So in this case, "GNR" is an organization, "os viveiros" are the fish farms. Are there any other entities? The text mentions "comunicado" (communique), but that's a document, not an entity. So the output should be ["a GNR", "os viveiros"], but with confidence scores. However, the example included multiple mentions of the same entity with different confidence scores. For instance, "Avião" and "Um avião" were both included. So in this case, "a GNR" and "os viveiros" are the main entities. But the user's example also included "aeroporto", "Lisboa", etc., even if they were locations. Wait, in the input, there's no mention of a specific location beyond the patrol. So maybe only GNR and os viveiros. Let me make sure. The example included "Lisboa" as a participant even though it's a city. So in this case, if there's a location mentioned, it's included. But in this input, the location isn't specified beyond the action. Therefore, the participants are GNR and os viveiros. But the example also included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. In this input, the source is "a GNR" in the comunicado. So maybe "a GNR" is the entity, and "os viveiros" are the other. So the JSON list would be [["a GNR", 0.9], ["os viveiros", 0.8]]. But I need to check if there are any other entities. The text says "numa ação de patrulhamento fluvial levada a cabo com o objetivo...". The "ação" is an action, not an entity. So no. Therefore, the final answer should be those two entities with confidence scores.
</think>

[["a GNR", 0.95], ["os viveiros", 0.85]]