<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input text: "Durante esta ação, os militares da Guarda detetaram nove viveiros ilegais contendo diversos crustáceos e 20 quilos de enguia-europeia, uma espécie em vias de extinção que necessita de um certificado da Convenção sobre o Comércio Internacional das Espécies da Fauna e da Flora Silvestres Ameaçadas de Extinção (CITES) para sua deteção."

First, I'll scan for explicit mentions. "os militares da Guarda" – Guarda is likely a military or police force, so "militares da Guarda" is a group. Then "viveiros ilegais" – illegal nurseries, but these are the objects, not participants. "crustáceos" and "enguia-europeia" are species, but they might be considered entities here. However, the example in the task included "o motor" as a participant, so maybe objects involved are included. Wait, the example included "o motor" as a participant, but in the input, the motor was part of the plane's failure. So perhaps in this case, the species might be considered participants if they are involved in the event. However, the example output included "o motor" as a participant, but maybe that's because it's a part of the plane. Hmm.

Next, "Convenção sobre o Comércio Internacional..." which is abbreviated as CITES. That's an organization, so "CITES" would be a participant. Also, "a Convenção..." is the full name, so both might be included. But the example output included the full name and the abbreviation. Wait, in the example, "a agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" were both included. So maybe both the full name and the abbreviation are considered separate entities if they appear. However, in the input here, the full name is mentioned first, then the abbreviation in parentheses. So "Convenção sobre o Comércio..." and "CITES" would both be participants.

Also, "os militares da Guarda" – the military of the Guarda. "Guarda" could be a specific unit or the name of the force. The example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant, so similar here. So "os militares da Guarda" is a group. Then, the species "enguia-europeia" is mentioned as needing a CITES certificate. But is the species a participant? The example included "o motor" as a participant, which was part of the plane's failure. So maybe the species here is considered a participant because they are involved in the event (being detected illegally). However, the example didn't include species, but maybe in this case, it's necessary. Alternatively, maybe the focus is on the entities that are actively involved, like the military, the nurseries, the species, and the CITES convention.

Wait, the example output included "a aeronave" (the aircraft), "o motor" (the engine), "os aeroportos" (airports), etc. So objects and entities involved in the event are included. So in this case, the illegal nurseries ("viveiros ilegais") are participants because they are the objects being detected. The crustáceos and enguia-europeia are the species being held illegally, so they are participants. The CITES convention is an organization involved. The military of the Guarda is the group that detected them.

So compiling the list:

- "os militares da Guarda" – group, high confidence.
- "viveiros ilegais" – illegal nurseries, objects involved.
- "diversos crustáceos" – species, participants.
- "20 quilos de enguia-europeia" – species, participants.
- "Convenção sobre o Comércio..." – organization, full name.
- "CITES" – abbreviation of the convention, so another entity.
- "a Convenção..." – same as above, maybe the full name is included once.

Wait, in the input, the full name is mentioned first, then the abbreviation in parentheses. So both should be included as separate entities. Also, "os militares da Guarda" – the Guarda is a specific entity, so "Guarda" might be a participant as well. But the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant, so maybe "Guarda" here is part of the name. However, the phrase is "os militares da Guarda", so the entity is the military of the Guarda. So the full entity is "os militares da Guarda", but maybe "Guarda" alone is also a participant. However, the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant, not just "Polícia". So perhaps the full name is needed. Therefore, "os militares da Guarda" is the participant, not just "Guarda".

Also, "enguia-europeia" is a species, so it's a participant. "crustáceos" are another group of species. The nurseries are the illegal ones, so "viveiros ilegais" is a participant. The CITES convention is an organization. The example included "a agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as participants, so similar here.

Now, confidence scores. For "os militares da Guarda", high confidence. "viveiros ilegais" is mentioned directly, so high. "diversos crustáceos" and "20 quilos de enguia-europeia" are specific entities, so high. The full name of CITES and the abbreviation are both mentioned, so high. However, the example included "o motor" twice, once as "o motor" and once as "um motor". So maybe if the same entity is mentioned with different articles, they are considered separate. But in this case, "viveiros ilegais" is mentioned once, so one entry. "crustáceos" and "enguia-europeia" are different species. The CITES convention is mentioned once as the full name and once as the abbreviation. So both would be included.

So the final list would be:

["os militares da Guarda", 0.95],
["viveiros ilegais", 0.9],
["diversos crustáceos", 0.85],
["20 quilos de enguia-europeia", 0.85],
["Convenção sobre o Comércio Internacional das Espécies da Fauna e da Flora Silvestres Ameaçadas de Extinção", 0.9],
["CITES", 0.95]

Wait, but the example included "a aeronave" and "o avião" as separate entries. So if the same entity is mentioned with different articles, they are considered separate. However, in this case, "os militares da Guarda" is a single mention. "viveiros ilegais" is one. The crustáceos and enguia are separate. The CITES full name and abbreviation are separate. So that's the list. I need to check if any other entities are present. The text also mentions "a deteção" but that's a verb, not an entity. "para sua deteção" – "sua" refers to the species, but that's not an entity. So the list seems complete.
</think>

[["os militares da Guarda", 0.95], ["viveiros ilegais", 0.9], ["diversos crustáceos", 0.85], ["20 quilos de enguia-europeia", 0.85], ["Convenção sobre o Comércio Internacional das Espécies da Fauna e da Flora Silvestres Ameaçadas de Extinção", 0.9], ["CITES", 0.95]]