<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is about military personnel from the Guarda detecting illegal fish farms with crustaceans and 20 kg of European eel, which is an endangered species requiring a CITES certificate.

The participants to classify are: "os militares da Guarda", "viveiros ilegais", "diversos crustáceos", "20 quilos de enguia-europeia", "Convenção sobre o Comércio Internacional das Espécies da Fauna e da Flora Silvestres Ameaçadas de Extinção", and "CITES".

Starting with "os militares da Guarda". The Guarda is likely a police or military force, so "os militares" refers to people, which would be "Per" (Person). The confidence here is high since they are human agents involved in the action.

Next, "viveiros ilegais" translates to illegal fish farms. These are manmade structures, so "Obj" (Object) makes sense. Confidence is around 0.9 as they are facilities used for keeping fish.

"diversos crustáceos" are various crustaceans. These are animals, so "Nat" (Natural) would be appropriate. Confidence is 0.95 since they are living creatures.

"20 quilos de enguia-europeia" is 20 kg of European eel. The eel is an animal, so "Nat" again. The quantity might not affect the classification, so confidence is 0.95.

"Convenção sobre o Comércio Internacional das Espécies da Fauna e da Flora Silvestres Ameaçadas de Extinção" is the full name of CITES. This is an international agreement, which is an organization, so "Org" (Organization). Confidence is 0.9 because it's a formal treaty.

Lastly, "CITES" is the acronym for the convention mentioned. Since it's an organization, it's also "Org". Confidence is 0.95 as it's a well-known international entity.

I need to make sure each entity is correctly categorized and the confidence levels are reasonable. Also, check if any might be misclassified. For example, "viveiros ilegais" as facilities (Fac) instead of Obj? But the examples show "Obj" for manmade objects, and "Fac" is for facilities. Wait, the definition says Obj is tangible, manmade objects. Facilities are a type of place. So "viveiros" are facilities (Fac) since they are structures. Hmm, that might be a mistake. Let me check the classes again.

Looking back, "Fac" is facilities. "Obj" is manmade objects. So "viveiros ilegais" are fish farms, which are facilities (Fac). So I should correct that. So "viveiros ilegais" would be "Fac" with confidence 0.9. That changes the classification for that entry. Similarly, "aeroporto" in the previous example was "Fac", so that's correct. So I need to adjust that.

So revising:

"viveiros ilegais" → Fac (0.9)

"diversos crustáceos" → Nat (0.95)

"20 quilos de enguia-europeia" → Nat (0.95)

"Convenção sobre..." → Org (0.9)

"CITES" → Org (0.95)

"os militares da Guarda" → Per (0.95)

That makes more sense. The initial mistake was classifying "viveiros" as Obj instead of Fac. So the correct classifications are as above.
</think>

<Output>
[["os militares da Guarda", "Per", 0.95], ["viveiros ilegais", "Fac", 0.9], ["diversos crustáceos", "Nat", 0.95], ["20 quilos de enguia-europeia", "Nat", 0.95], ["Convenção sobre o Comércio Internacional das Espécies da Fauna e da Flora Silvestres Ameaçadas de Extinção", "Org", 0.9], ["CITES", "Org", 0.95]]
</Output>