<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is "Os crustáceos e as enguias-europeias, por se encontrarem vivos, foram devolvidos ao meio natural." The participants to classify are "crustáceos", "enguias-europeias", and "meio natural".

First, I need to determine the class for each entity based on the given categories. 

Starting with "crustáceos" (crustaceans). The classes include Nat for natural entities like animals. Crustaceans are animals, so that should be Nat. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "enguias-europeias" (European eels). Again, these are animals, so Nat makes sense. Confidence is also high, around 0.95.

Then "meio natural" (natural environment). The categories have Pl_region for non-political regions, but "meio natural" refers to the natural environment, which isn't a specific place. The Loc category is for places not fitting other Pl_ values. However, "meio natural" is more of a general concept rather than a specific location. Wait, the definition for Loc says places that don't fit other Pl_ values. But "meio natural" might be considered a natural environment, which isn't a specific place. Alternatively, maybe it's a Pl_region? But the examples for Pl_region include deserto (desert), ilha (island), which are specific regions. "Meio natural" is more abstract. The Other category is for entities not fitting elsewhere, but the example given for Other is "um cheiro a queimado" (a burnt smell). Since "meio natural" is a place concept, maybe Loc is the right choice. Alternatively, if there's no exact match, perhaps Other? Wait, the definition says Loc is for places that don't fit other Pl_ values. Since "meio natural" isn't a specific location but a general term, maybe it's not a place. Hmm. The example given for Pl_region includes "deserto" (desert), which is a non-political region. But "meio natural" is more like the natural habitat, not a specific region. So maybe it's not a Pl_region. The Other category is for things not fitting other classes. But the user's example for Other is a smell, which is not a place. Since "meio natural" is a concept, not a specific place, perhaps it's Other? But the user's example for Other is "um cheiro a queimado", which is a non-place. However, the instruction says to classify according to how it's used in the input. In the input, "meio natural" is the environment where the crustaceans and eels were returned. So it's a location, but not a specific one. The Loc category is for places not fitting other Pl_ values. Since "meio natural" isn't a specific place like a city or country, maybe Loc is the correct class. So I'll go with Loc for "meio natural" with confidence around 0.8.
</think>

<Output>[["crustáceos", "Nat", 0.95], ["enguias-europeias", "Nat", 0.95], ["meio natural", "Loc", 0.8]]</Output>