<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Os crustáceos e as enguias-europeias, por se encontrarem vivos, foram devolvidos ao meio natural." Translating that, it's about crustaceans and European eels being returned to their natural habitat because they were alive.

Now, identifying participants. The main entities here are "crustáceos" (crustaceans) and "enguias-europeias" (European eels). The action is returning them to the natural environment. The "meio natural" (natural environment) is also a participant since it's the recipient of the action. 

Wait, the definition says participants can be those involved or impacted. The natural environment is impacted here by the return of the animals. So it should be included. 

Looking at the example output, they included "o motor" multiple times even though it's the same entity. So even if the same entity is mentioned again, each instance is listed. In this case, "crustáceos" and "enguias-europeias" are mentioned once each. "meio natural" is mentioned once. 

I need to check if there are any other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any organizations, people, or places. Just the two animal groups and the natural environment. 

Confidence scores: I'm pretty confident about "crustáceos" and "enguias-europeias" as they are the subjects. "meio natural" is the object here, so also a participant. The confidence for each should be high, maybe 0.9 or 1.0. Since there's no ambiguity, I can assign 1.0 to each. 

Wait, the example output had entries like "a aeronave" and "o avião" as separate entities even though they refer to the same thing. So in this case, "crustáceos" and "enguias-europeias" are distinct, so each gets their own entry. "meio natural" is a single entity. 

So the final list should be three entries: crustáceos, enguias-europeias, and meio natural, each with confidence 1.0.
</think>

[["crustáceos", 1.0], ["enguias-europeias", 1.0], ["meio natural", 1.0]]