<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" or "a stopped engine" are included, so I need to be careful with noun phrases.

Looking at the input: "A 60-year-old man was in serious condition today after falling from a scaffold, about 'three to four meters' high, while working on a construction site in Ponte de Lima, said the local fire commander."

First, identify the main entities. The man is clearly a participant. The scaffold is part of the event. The construction site is a location involved. Ponte de Lima is a place. The local fire commander is a person providing information. The phrase "three to four meters" is a measurement, not an entity. "Construction site" is a location. "Local fire commander" is a role, so that's a participant. The man is the victim here. The scaffold is an object involved. The construction site and Ponte de Lima are locations. The fire commander is an authority figure, so they are a participant. 

Wait, the example included "the same source" as a participant, which was a reference to the Public Security Police. Here, the fire commander is the source. So "local fire commander" should be included. Also, "construction site" and "Ponte de Lima" are locations, but are they considered participants? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The construction site is where the event happened, so maybe it's a participant. Similarly, Ponte de Lima is the location. But sometimes locations are considered as places rather than participants. However, the example included "Lisbon" as a participant, so maybe locations are included. 

So, the entities would be: "A 60-year-old man", "man", "scaffold", "construction site", "Ponte de Lima", "local fire commander", "three to four meters" (but this is a measurement, not sure if it's a participant). The example didn't include measurements, so maybe not. "Local fire commander" is a person, so that's a participant. "Construction site" is a location, so included. "Ponte de Lima" is a place. 

Wait, the example had "airport" as a participant. So locations are included. So "construction site" and "Ponte de Lima" should be included. The scaffold is an object involved. The man is the victim. The fire commander is the one reporting. 

So the list would be: ["A 60-year-old man", "man", "scaffold", "construction site", "Ponte de Lima", "local fire commander"]. 

But need to check for confidence. The man is definitely a participant (high confidence). Scaffold is part of the event (maybe 0.8). Construction site and Ponte de Lima as locations (maybe 0.7 each). The fire commander is a person (high confidence). The example included "source" and "the same source" as participants, so here "local fire commander" is the source, so that's a participant. 

Wait, the example had "source" as a participant. In the input, the fire commander is the one who said it, so "local fire commander" is the source. So that's a participant. 

So the final list would be:

["A 60-year-old man", 1.0], ["man", 0.9], ["scaffold", 0.8], ["construction site", 0.7], ["Ponte de Lima", 0.8], ["local fire commander", 1.0]

But I need to check if "man" is redundant with "A 60-year-old man". The example included both "Plane" and "A plane", so maybe both forms are included. So "A 60-year-old man" and "man" are separate. 

Also, the phrase "three to four meters" is a measurement, not an entity. So not included. 

So the JSON array would be as above, with confidence scores.
</think>

[["A 60-year-old man", 1.0], ["man", 0.9], ["scaffold", 0.8], ["construction site", 0.7], ["Ponte de Lima", 0.8], ["local fire commander", 1.0]]