<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" or "a stopped engine" are considered, so I need to be careful with noun phrases.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is: "According to the Fire Commander of Ponte de Lima, in the district of Viana do Castelo, 'the work accident occurred at a construction site in the parish of Ribeira'."

Breaking it down, the main event is a work accident at a construction site in Ribeira. The participants would be the entities involved here. Let's list possible entities:

1. "Fire Commander of Ponte de Lima" – this is a person or title, so a participant.
2. "Ponte de Lima" – a location, part of the Fire Commander's title, but maybe a participant as a place involved.
3. "district of Viana do Castelo" – another location, part of the Fire Commander's jurisdiction.
4. "the work accident" – the event itself, but the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The accident is the event, not a participant. Wait, the example included "engine" as a participant. Hmm, maybe parts of the event description are considered. But the example had "engine failure" as a participant. Wait, in the example, "engine" was listed as a participant. So maybe the accident itself isn't a participant, but the entities involved in the accident are.

Wait, the example output included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So even if it's part of the cause, it's considered a participant. But in this case, the accident is the event, not a participant. The participants would be the people or entities involved in the accident. So the Fire Commander is a participant because they reported it. The construction site, the parish of Ribeira, maybe the workers? But the text doesn't mention workers. The Fire Commander is a participant. Also, the district and parish are locations, but are they considered participants? The example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So maybe locations are included as participants. 

So possible entities:

- "Fire Commander of Ponte de Lima" – person/role
- "Ponte de Lima" – location
- "district of Viana do Castelo" – location
- "the work accident" – event, but maybe not a participant. Wait, in the example, "engine failure" was included as a participant. Wait, in the example input, the engine failure was the reason for the emergency landing. The output included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So maybe the cause of the event is considered a participant. But in this case, the accident is the event, not the cause. The cause isn't mentioned here. The accident itself is the event, so maybe it's not a participant. 

Wait, the example output included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So even if it's part of the event's cause, they are considered participants. So in this case, the work accident is the event, but maybe the construction site is a participant. The parish of Ribeira is a location where the accident occurred, so that's a participant. The Fire Commander is a participant because they reported it. Also, "the district of Viana do Castelo" is part of the Fire Commander's title, so maybe that's a participant. 

So compiling the list:

1. "Fire Commander of Ponte de Lima" – high confidence.
2. "Ponte de Lima" – location, part of the Fire Commander's title. Maybe 0.8 confidence.
3. "district of Viana do Castelo" – location, part of the Fire Commander's title. Maybe 0.7.
4. "the work accident" – event, but the example didn't include events, only entities. Wait, the example included "engine" as a participant, which is an object. So maybe the event itself isn't considered a participant. So "the work accident" is the event, not a participant. So exclude that.
5. "construction site" – location where the accident happened. So participant. Confidence 0.9.
6. "parish of Ribeira" – location, participant. Confidence 0.9.

Wait, but the example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So locations are included. So "construction site" and "parish of Ribeira" are participants. Also, "district of Viana do Castelo" and "Ponte de Lima" are locations. 

So the list would be:

["Fire Commander of Ponte de Lima", 0.95], ["Ponte de Lima", 0.8], ["district of Viana do Castelo", 0.7], ["construction site", 0.9], ["parish of Ribeira", 0.9]

But wait, the example output included "Lisbon" as a participant multiple times. So even if a location is mentioned more than once, it's included each time. But in this case, "parish of Ribeira" is mentioned once. 

Wait, the input says "the work accident occurred at a construction site in the parish of Ribeira". So "construction site" is the location, and "parish of Ribeira" is the parish where it's located. Both are locations, so both are participants. 

Also, "Fire Commander of Ponte de Lima" is a role, so that's a participant. 

But the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. So if the text mentions a source, like "a Public Security Police source told Lusa", then "source" and "the same source" are participants. In this case, the Fire Commander is the source. So "Fire Commander of Ponte de Lima" is the participant. 

So the final list would be the entities mentioned as participants, with their confidence scores. I need to make sure not to include the event itself but the entities involved. Also, check for any other possible entities. The text doesn't mention any organizations or other groups, just the Fire Commander, locations, and the accident. 

So the JSON array would be:

[
  ["Fire Commander of Ponte de Lima", 0.95],
  ["Ponte de Lima", 0.8],
  ["district of Viana do Castelo", 0.7],
  ["construction site", 0.9],
  ["parish of Ribeira", 0.9]
]
</think>

[["Fire Commander of Ponte de Lima", 0.95], ["Ponte de Lima", 0.8], ["district of Viana do Castelo", 0.7], ["construction site", 0.9], ["parish of Ribeira", 0.9]]