<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "To Lusa, a source from the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS) said that the alert was given at around 10:33."

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main entities mentioned are "Lusa" which is a news agency, "source" from the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS). The CDOS is an organization, so that's a participant. The source is a person or entity providing information, so "source" and "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" should be included. Also, "alert" might be a state, but the participants are the ones involved. The time "10:33" is just a time, not an entity. 

Wait, the example output included things like "a Public Security Police" and "airline Jota Aviation" as participants. So in this case, "source" is a participant, and "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" is the organization the source is from. Also, "Lusa" is a news agency, so that's a participant. The time isn't an entity. 

So the entities here are: Lusa, source, District Relief Operations Command (CDOS). But the example had "a Public Security Police" as a participant. In this case, "a source from the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" – the source is part of CDOS, so CDOS is the organization. The source might be a role, but since it's mentioned as a source, maybe it's considered a participant. However, the example included "source" as a participant. For example, in the example, "source" and "the same source" were included. So here, "source" is a participant, and "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" is another. Also, "Lusa" is a participant as the news agency. 

Confidence levels: Lusa is definitely a participant (0.95), the source is mentioned (0.85), and CDOS is the organization (0.9). The time is not an entity. The word "alert" is a state, not a participant. 

So the output should be a JSON list with these three entities and their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Lusa", 0.95], ["source", 0.85], ["District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)", 0.9]]