<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence mentioning "Lusa," "source," and "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)." 

Starting with "Lusa." From the example given earlier, "Lusa" was classified as an organization (Org). In the previous example, "Lusa." was marked as Org with high confidence. Here, the same entity "Lusa" appears again, so I think it's safe to classify it as Org again with confidence around 0.95.

Next is "source." In the previous example, "source" and "the same source" were classified as Per (Person). However, in this context, "source" is mentioned as coming from the District Relief Operations Command. But the term "source" itself is a bit ambiguous. Wait, in the previous example, "source" was considered a person, but here, the source is from an organization. However, the entity here is just "source," not specifying a person. Hmm. Wait, the example had "a Public Security Police" as Org and "source" as Per. So maybe "source" here refers to a person, even if it's not explicitly named. So I'll go with Per again, maybe 0.85 confidence.

Lastly, "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)." This looks like an organization name. The parentheses with the acronym suggest it's an official organization. In the previous example, "Public Security Police" was Org. So this should be Org as well. Confidence around 0.95.

Wait, but the user's instruction says to use the same classes as in the examples. Let me check the classes again. Org is for entities with organizational structure like companies, governments, teams, institutions. CDOS sounds like a government or military command, so Org is correct. 

So the classifications would be:
- "Lusa" → Org
- "source" → Per
- "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" → Org

Confidences: Lusa and CDOS are clear organizations, so high confidence. The source might be a person, but if it's an unnamed source, maybe it's a role rather than a person. Wait, in the previous example, "source" was classified as Per. But in that case, the source was from the Public Security Police. However, the entity here is just "source," not specifying a person. Maybe in this case, "source" is a role, but the class Per is for human individuals or characters. If the source is an unnamed person, then Per. But if it's an organization, then Org. However, the example had "source" as Per. So I think the answer here is to follow the example and classify "source" as Per. So the confidence for "source" is 0.85.
</think>

<Output>[["Lusa", "Org", 0.95], ["source", "Per", 0.85], ["District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)", "Org", 0.95]]</Output>