<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

First, I need to parse the input sentence carefully. The input is: "In addition to the SIV, two operatives and a fire engine, the Viana do Castelo Emergency Medical Vehicle (VMER) and the GNR, arrived at the scene."

Breaking it down, the main event here is the arrival at the scene. The participants would be the entities that arrived. Let's list them out.

Starting with "the SIV" – SIV is likely an acronym for a specific service or vehicle. Since it's mentioned directly, it's a participant. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "two operatives" – operatives are individuals, so they are participants. The number is mentioned, but the term "operatives" refers to people. Confidence around 0.9.

"a fire engine" – a fire engine is an entity, so that's another participant. Confidence 0.9.

Then, "the Viana do Castelo Emergency Medical Vehicle (VMER)" – this is a specific vehicle, so it's a participant. The full name and acronym are given, but the entity is the vehicle. Confidence 0.95.

Lastly, "the GNR" – GNR is the Portuguese National Republican Guard, a government agency. Definitely a participant. Confidence 0.95.

I need to check if any other entities are implied. The sentence mentions "arrived at the scene," so all the listed entities are participants. The word "scene" is the location, but it's not an entity involved, just the place. The rest are all entities that arrived. 

Wait, the original example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In this case, the entities are the ones arriving. So SIV, operatives, fire engine, VMER, GNR. Each of these should be listed with their confidence. 

I need to make sure not to include any other terms. For example, "Viana do Castelo" is part of the VMER's name, so the full name is the entity. Also, "Emergency Medical Vehicle (VMER)" is the full name, so the entity is "Viana do Castelo Emergency Medical Vehicle (VMER)" with confidence 0.95. 

Similarly, "GNR" is the entity, and since it's an organization, it's a participant. 

I think that's all. Let me structure the JSON list accordingly with the entities and their confidence scores.
</think>

[["the SIV", 0.95], ["two operatives", 0.9], ["a fire engine", 0.9], ["the Viana do Castelo Emergency Medical Vehicle (VMER)", 0.95], ["the GNR", 0.95]]