<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to read the input text carefully. The sentence is about firefighters rescuing a man using a large-angle team and ropes, stabilizing him due to hypothermia, and he refused transport to the hospital. 

Starting with the obvious participants: "os bombeiros" (the firefighters) are definitely involved. Then there's "o homem" (the man) who was rescued. The hospital mentioned is "hospital de Santa Maria da Feira," so that's an organization. 

Looking for other entities: "equipa de grande ângulo" (large-angle team) – maybe that's a specific team or equipment? But it's part of the firefighters' equipment, so maybe not a separate participant. "cordas" (ropes) are tools, not participants. 

"Santa Maria da Feira" is the name of the hospital, so that's an entity. The time "17:15" is a time, not a participant. "hipotermia" (hypothermia) is a condition, not an entity. 

Wait, the example output included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) even though they were mentioned as a source. So maybe any named entity, even if it's a role like a source, should be included. 

In the input, "os bombeiros" is a group, "o homem" is an individual, "hospital de Santa Maria da Feira" is an organization. Are there any others? The text mentions "Recorrendo a uma equipa de grande ângulo" – "equipe de grande ângulo" might be a specific team, but it's part of the firefighters' equipment or method. Maybe not a separate participant. 

Also, "auxílio de cordas" – ropes are tools, not participants. "estabilizado" is a verb, not an entity. "transporte para o hospital" – the hospital is already mentioned. 

So the main participants are: os bombeiros, o homem, hospital de Santa Maria da Feira. 

Wait, in the example, they included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants even if they were locations. So locations might be considered participants if they are involved. But in this case, the hospital is a specific organization, so that's a participant. 

But what about "Santa Maria da Feira"? Is that a location or the name of the hospital? The full name is "hospital de Santa Maria da Feira," so the hospital's name includes the location. So the entity is the hospital, which is an organization. 

Confidence scores: "os bombeiros" is definitely a participant, confidence 1. "o homem" is the individual, confidence 1. "hospital de Santa Maria da Feira" is an organization, confidence 1. 

Wait, but the example included "aeroporto" as a participant. In this case, the hospital is a participant. Are there any other entities? Maybe "equipe de grande ângulo" – but that's part of the firefighters' team, so maybe not a separate entity. 

Alternatively, "equipe de grande ângulo" might be a specific team, but the text doesn't name it, so it's just a description. So not a participant. 

So the final list would be: ["os bombeiros", 1.0], ["o homem", 1.0], ["hospital de Santa Maria da Feira", 1.0]. 

Wait, but the example included "a aeronave" and "o motor" as participants. So in this case, the man is the patient, the firefighters are the rescuers, and the hospital is the organization involved. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The text doesn't mention any other entities. The time is just a time, not a participant. The condition (hypothermia) is not an entity. So the three entities are correct.
</think>

[["os bombeiros", 1.0], ["o homem", 1.0], ["hospital de Santa Maria da Feira", 1.0]]