<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo? The original input had "due to engine failure," so maybe "engine" is the correct entity. But the example output includes "to engine" with confidence 0.8. Hmm, maybe the user expects parts of phrases as entities. I need to be careful.

Looking at the input sentence: "In a statement, the PJ indicated that the suspect was located and detained by members of the Évora Local Criminal Investigation Unit."

First, identify all entities. "PJ" is likely a police force, so that's an organization. "the suspect" is an individual. "members of the Évora Local Criminal Investigation Unit" – the unit itself is an organization. "Évora Local Criminal Investigation Unit" is a specific unit, so that's an entity. "the PJ" refers to the same organization as "PJ" earlier. "the suspect" is a person. "members" might be part of the unit, but the unit is the entity. Also, "the Évora Local Criminal Investigation Unit" is the full name, so that's the entity. 

Wait, the example output included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So in this case, "the PJ" is the entity. "Évora Local Criminal Investigation Unit" is another entity. The suspect is a participant. Are there any other entities? The sentence mentions "statement" but that's an action, not an entity. "indicated" is a verb. So the participants would be: PJ, the suspect, Évora Local Criminal Investigation Unit. 

Wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source" as entities. In the input, "a Public Security Police source" was an entity. So in this case, "the PJ" is the organization. Also, "members of the Évora..." – the members are people, but the unit is the organization. So the entities are: PJ, the suspect, Évora Local Criminal Investigation Unit. 

Confidence levels: "PJ" is a known entity, so high confidence. "the suspect" is a person, but since it's referred to as "the suspect," maybe 0.9. "Évora Local Criminal Investigation Unit" is a specific unit, so high confidence. "members" might not be an entity on their own, but the unit is. 

Wait, in the example, "the same source" was included. Here, "the PJ" is the entity. Are there any other entities? The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations or individuals except the suspect and the unit. So the final list would be:

["PJ", 0.95], ["the suspect", 0.85], ["Évora Local Criminal Investigation Unit", 0.95]

But need to check if "the suspect" is considered a participant. According to the definition, participants are those involved or impacted. The suspect is definitely involved. So yes. Also, the unit is involved in detaining the suspect. The PJ is the one making the statement, so they are involved. 

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any. The input doesn't mention any other entities. So the JSON array would be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["PJ", 0.95], ["the suspect", 0.85], ["Évora Local Criminal Investigation Unit", 0.95]]