<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input mentions an investigation by the PJ (which I know is the Portuguese Police), the police making a statement, a home search, and the seizure of items from a man. The participants to classify are "the police," "PJ," "the man," "several cell phones," and "more than two hundred computer files."

Starting with "the police." In the context, the police are the ones making the statement, so they're likely an organization. The class should be Org. Confidence is high here, maybe 0.95.

Next, "PJ." PJ stands for Polícia Judiciária in Portugal, which is a police force. That's definitely an organization, so Org again. Confidence is high, around 0.98.

"The man" is a human individual involved in the event. Since he's the one from whom items were seized, he's a person. So class Per. Confidence is 0.9.

"Several cell phones" are tangible objects, so Obj. Confidence is 0.95.

"More than two hundred computer files" are digital files, which are manmade but not physical objects. Wait, the Obj class is for tangible, manmade objects. Computer files are digital, so they might not fit Obj. The Other class is for entities not fitting other categories. But looking at the examples, "cheiro a queimado" was Other. However, "computer files" are data, which might be considered as Obj if they're stored on a device, but the example given for Obj is "a cadeira" (chair), which is physical. So maybe "computer files" are not Obj. But the instruction says to use the classes as defined. The Other class is for entities not fitting others. However, the example for Obj includes "computer files" in the input? Wait, the example in the task description for Obj is "a cadeira" (chair), but the input here has "computer files." Hmm. Wait, the definition of Obj is "tangible, manmade objects." Computer files are not tangible. So they might fall under Other. But the user's example in the task description for the first input had "engine" as Obj. Wait, but "engine" is a physical part of a plane. So in this case, "computer files" are not tangible. So they might be classified as Other. But I need to check the classes again. The Other class is for entities that don't fit into the other categories. So if "computer files" are not Obj (since they're not tangible), then they might be Other. However, maybe the system expects them to be Obj if they are considered as objects in a digital context. But according to the strict definition, Obj is tangible. So I think "computer files" would be Other. But I'm not 100% sure. Let me check the examples again. The example for Obj is "a cadeira" (chair), which is physical. So "computer files" are not physical. Therefore, they should be Other. So the class would be Other with confidence maybe 0.8. Alternatively, if the system considers digital files as objects, but the definition says "tangible," so I think Other is correct here. So "more than two hundred computer files" would be Other with confidence 0.8.
</think>

<Output>[["the police", "Org", 0.95], ["PJ", "Org", 0.98], ["the man", "Per", 0.9], ["several cell phones", "Obj", 0.95], ["more than two hundred computer files", "Other", 0.8]]</Output>