<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, so I need to be careful with noun phrases.

Looking at the input: "The detainee, already referenced for the same type of crime, will be present for the first judicial interrogation for the possible application of coercive measures."

First, identify the main entities. "The detainee" is clearly a participant. Then, "judicial interrogation" might be an event, but the participants are those involved. The "judicial interrogation" itself isn't an entity but an action. The "coercive measures" are part of the process but not entities. 

The phrase "already referenced for the same type of crime" refers to the detainee's prior involvement, so "the same type of crime" might be a category, but it's not an entity. "First judicial interrogation" is an event, not a participant. 

Wait, the example included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe any noun phrase that's a participant, even if it's a collective noun. But in this case, the main participants are the detainee and possibly the judicial system or authorities conducting the interrogation. However, the text doesn't explicitly mention the authorities. 

The output in the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. Here, the text mentions "judicial interrogation" but no specific entity conducting it. So maybe only "the detainee" is the participant. But wait, the example also included "airport" as a participant. In the input, "judicial interrogation" is an event, but the participants would be the detainee and the judicial authorities. However, since the authorities aren't named, maybe only the detainee is present. 

Wait, the example included "the airports" as a participant. In the input, "the airports" were part of the flight details. Here, the text is about a detainee being interrogated. The participants would be the detainee and the judicial system, but since the system isn't named, maybe only the detainee. However, the example included "source" as an entity. In the input, there's no explicit source, but the example had "a Public Security Police source" which was included. 

In the current input, there's no explicit mention of other entities. So the only participant is "the detainee." But wait, the example included "the same source" as an entity. In this case, the text doesn't mention any other entities. So the output would be ["the detainee", ...]. But the example had multiple entries, even if they were parts of phrases. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "Plane", "to engine", "A plane", etc. So even parts of phrases that are noun phrases are considered. So in the current input, "the detainee" is the main participant. Are there any other noun phrases that could be participants? "Judicial interrogation" is an event, not an entity. "Coercive measures" are actions, not entities. "Same type of crime" is a category, not an entity. 

So the only participant is "the detainee." But the example included "the airports" as a participant. Wait, in the example input, the airports were part of the flight details, so they were locations. In this case, the detainee is the only participant. However, the example output included "airport" as a participant. So maybe locations are considered participants if they are part of the event. But in this input, there's no mention of a location. 

Alternatively, maybe "judicial interrogation" is considered a participant, but that's an event, not an entity. The definition says participants are entities involved. So the detainee is the only one. But the example included "the same source" as an entity. In this case, there's no source mentioned. 

Wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So if the input had a source, like "a source said," then "source" would be included. In the current input, there's no such mention. Therefore, the only participant is "the detainee." But the example had multiple entries, so maybe I need to check for all possible noun phrases. 

Wait, the example included "to engine" as a participant. That seems odd. Maybe the user considers any noun phrase that's a participant. So in the current input, "the detainee" is the only noun phrase that's a participant. But maybe "judicial interrogation" is considered a participant? No, because it's an event, not an entity. 

So the final answer would be ["the detainee", 1.0], but the example had multiple entries. Wait, the example input had more entities, but the output included many. However, in this case, the input is simpler. Let me make sure. The user's instruction says to extract all participants, which can be individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. The detainee is an individual. There's no other entity mentioned. So the answer is ["the detainee", 1.0]. But the example included "the airports" as a participant. However, in the current input, there's no mention of airports or locations. So the answer is just the detainee.
</think>

[["the detainee", 0.95]]