<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Governo angolano lamenta morte de duas pessoas em incêndio hospitalar no Cunene". The participants to classify are ["Governo angolano", "duas pessoas", "incêndio hospitalar", "Cunene"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "Governo angolano". "Governo" means government, which is an organization. "Angolano" refers to Angola, so the government of Angola. That should be an Organization (Org).

Next, "duas pessoas". "Duas pessoas" translates to "two people". Since "pessoas" is people, that's a Person (Per) class. Even though it's plural, the class is still Person.

Then, "incêndio hospitalar". "Incêndio" is fire, and "hospitalar" relates to a hospital. So this is a fire in a hospital. The term "incêndio hospitalar" is an event or incident, which would be an Object (Obj) or maybe Nature? Wait, Nature is for natural elements like weather, mountains, etc. Object is more for physical items or events. Since it's a fire, which is an event, maybe Object is correct here. Alternatively, if "incêndio" is considered a natural phenomenon, but I think Object is safer here.

Lastly, "Cunene". That's a region in Angola. So it's a Location (Loc). The class for locations is Location, and since it's a specific region, it's a proper noun, so Location is correct.

Wait, but the example had "Lisboa" classified as Pl_capital. But in the classes, the user specified Location as one of the classes. However, in the example, they used more specific sub-classes like Pl_capital, Pl_civil, etc. But in the current task, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So maybe the example's output used more detailed labels, but the user here wants the main classes. Wait, looking back at the user's instruction, the example output used "Pl_capital" as a class, but the user's classes list includes "Location" as a class. Wait, there's a discrepancy here. Let me check the original task again.

Wait, the user provided classes as: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example, they used "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", etc. But that might be a mistake. Wait, looking at the example input and output:

In the example, the output had entries like ["Lisboa", "Pl_capital"], but the classes listed by the user are "Location". So perhaps the example is using more specific subcategories, but the user's instruction here says to use the classes as listed. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example, they used "Pl_capital" which isn't in the list. That's confusing. Wait, maybe the example is incorrect, or perhaps the user made a mistake. But the user's current task says to use the classes as listed. So for this task, I should use the main classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

So, in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the current classes, it should be "Location". However, the user might have intended that "Pl_capital" is a subcategory under Location. But since the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, I need to follow that. So for "Cunene", which is a region in Angola, it's a Location.

So, putting it all together:

- "Governo angolano" is an Organization (Org)
- "duas pessoas" is Person (Per)
- "incêndio hospitalar" is Object (Obj)
- "Cunene" is Location (Loc)

I need to make sure that "incêndio hospitalar" is Object. Alternatively, if "incêndio" is considered a natural event, maybe Nature? But "incêndio" is a fire, which is an event, not a natural element. So Object seems right. "Hospitalar" modifies it, but the main term is "incêndio", so Object.
</think>

[["Governo angolano", "Org"], ["duas pessoas", "Per"], ["incêndio hospitalar", "Obj"], ["Cunene", "Loc"]]