<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like organizations, people, places, or objects mentioned in the text. The output is a JSON array of strings, so I need to make sure each participant is a string and listed in the array.

First, I'll look at the input sentence: "Governo angolano lamenta morte de duas pessoas em incêndio hospitalar no Cunene". Translating that, it's "Angolan government laments the death of two people in a hospital fire in Cunene."

Now, identifying participants. The main entities here are:

1. "Governo angolano" – the Angolan government, which is an organization.
2. "duas pessoas" – two people, but the example in the task included "duas pessoas" as a participant. However, in the example given earlier, they included "duas pessoas" as a participant. Wait, in the example input, they had "duas pessoas" as part of the output. Let me check the example again.

Wait, the example input was about an airplane emergency. The output included things like "Avião", "o motor", "Um avião", etc. So they included both specific entities and more general terms. But in this case, the input is about the Angolan government, two people, a hospital fire, and the location Cunene.

So participants would be:

- "Governo angolano" (Angolan government)
- "duas pessoas" (two people)
- "incêndio hospitalar" (hospital fire)
- "Cunene" (location, a province in Angola)

Wait, but in the example, they included "aeroporto" (airport) as a participant. So maybe any noun phrase that's a participant in the event. The "incêndio hospitalar" is the event itself, but maybe the participants are the entities involved. The government is lamenting, the two people died, the fire is the event, and Cunene is the location.

But the example included "os aeroportos" (the airports) as a participant. So perhaps any noun phrase that's a participant, even if it's a location or an event. Let me check the example again.

In the example output, they included "aeroporto", "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", "Lisboa", "os aeroportos", "Farnborough", "Inglaterra", "Lisboa", etc. So locations are included as participants. Also, "fonte" (source), "a mesma fonte" (the same source), "à agência Lusa" (to the Lusa agency), etc. So any named entity or specific noun phrase that's a participant in the event.

So applying that to the current input:

- "Governo angolano" – the main actor here, the government.
- "duas pessoas" – the victims.
- "incêndio hospitalar" – the event, but maybe not a participant. Wait, in the example, they included "a aeronave" (the aircraft), "o motor" (the engine), etc., which are parts of the event. So maybe the fire is part of the event, but the participants are the entities involved. However, the example included "o motor" (the engine) as a participant. So perhaps any noun that's a participant in the event, even if it's a part of the event.

But in this case, the fire is the event itself, so maybe not a participant. The participants would be the government, the two people, the hospital (if mentioned), and the location Cunene.

Wait, the input says "incêndio hospitalar no Cunene" – hospital fire in Cunene. So the location is Cunene. The hospital isn't explicitly named, but the fire is in a hospital. However, the example included "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant. So if the hospital is not named, maybe it's not included. But the location Cunene is a place, so that's a participant.

So the participants would be:

- "Governo angolano"
- "duas pessoas"
- "Cunene"

But wait, in the example, they included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if a location is mentioned, it's included. So here, "Cunene" is a location, so it's a participant.

But what about "incêndio hospitalar"? The example included "a aeronave" (the aircraft), which is the subject of the event. But in this case, the fire is the event, not a participant. So maybe not included.

So the final list would be:

["Governo angolano", "duas pessoas", "Cunene"]

But wait, the example included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) as participants. In this input, there's no mention of a source, so that's not applicable here.

Another thing to check: the example included "o motor" (the engine) and "um motor" (an engine). So if the input had "motor", it would be included. In this case, the input doesn't mention any specific object like that, so no.

So the answer should be the three items listed above. Let me make sure I didn't miss any other entities. The sentence is short, so I think that's all.
</think>

["Governo angolano", "duas pessoas", "incêndio hospitalar", "Cunene"]