<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

First, I'll look at the input sentence again to understand the context. The sentence says, "Todos os pacientes foram transferidos em vários centros de saúde e para melhor atendimento serão colocados no novo Hospital Municipal de Cuanhama, que se encontra em fase final das obras." Translating that, it means all patients were transferred to various health centers and for better care, they will be placed in the new Municipal Hospital of Cuanhama, which is in the final phase of construction.

Now, the participants to classify are ["pacientes", "centros de saúde", "Hospital Municipal de Cuanhama"]. Let's go through each one.

Starting with "pacientes" (patients). Patients are people, so that should be "Person" class. But wait, the classes given are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. "Pacientes" refers to people, so "Person" makes sense here.

Next is "centros de saúde" (health centers). Health centers are facilities, right? Because they are buildings or places where healthcare services are provided. So "Facility" would be the correct class here. But I should check if "centros de saúde" is considered a facility. Yes, since they are institutions or structures, so "Facility" is appropriate.

Then "Hospital Municipal de Cuanhama" (Municipal Hospital of Cuanhama). A hospital is definitely a facility. Even though it's a specific name, the class is still "Facility" because it's a building or institution providing healthcare services. 

Wait, but the example given earlier had "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" classified as "Fac" (Facility), so similar logic applies here. So "Hospital Municipal de Cuanhama" should be "Facility".

Let me double-check if there's any other possible classification. "Centros de saúde" and "Hospital" are both types of facilities. "Pacientes" are people, so "Person" is correct. 

I don't see any other classes that would fit here. So the classifications should be:

- pacientes → Person
- centros de saúde → Facility
- Hospital Municipal de Cuanhama → Facility

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any other possible classifications. The other classes like Location might be considered, but "centros de saúde" and "Hospital" are more specific as facilities rather than general locations. "Location" would be for places like cities or regions, but here the entities are specific institutions. So yes, Facility is correct.
</think>

[["pacientes", "Per"], ["centros de saúde", "Fac"], ["Hospital Municipal de Cuanhama", "Fac"]]