<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "Governo português solidário com famílias das vítimas de atentado na Alemanha". The participants to classify are ["Governo português", "famílias", "vítimas", "Alemanha"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Also, the example output used subcategories like Pl_capital, Pl_civil, Pl_country, which might be part of the Location class or separate. Wait, in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital, which is a type of Location. So maybe the classes include subtypes under Location, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Wait, looking back at the example output, the classes used were Obj, Fac, Pl_capital, Pl_civil, Pl_country, Org, Per, Loc. But the original classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Hmm, maybe the example used more specific subcategories, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" which isn't in the main classes. That's confusing. Wait, maybe the example is using a different classification system. Wait, looking at the example again:

In the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which might be a mistake. But the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Wait, perhaps the example is incorrect, or maybe the user expects the subcategories. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Let me check the original problem again.

The user provided an example where "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but the main classes include Location. So perhaps the example is using a more detailed classification, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. However, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So maybe the example is using a different system, but the user wants the main classes. Wait, but in the example output, "aeroporto" was classified as "Fac" (Facility), "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital" (which might be a typo for "Location" or a subcategory). This is conflicting. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. So perhaps the example is incorrect, but the user wants the main classes. Alternatively, maybe the example is using a different set of classes. This is a bit confusing.

But given the user's instruction, I need to follow the main classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So let's proceed with that.

Now, looking at the participants:

1. "Governo português" – This is the Portuguese government. Governments are typically Organizations. So class: Organization.

2. "famílias" – Families. These are groups of people, but the class "Person" refers to individuals. However, "famílias" is plural, so maybe it's considered as a collective noun. But in the classes, there's no "Group" category. The closest might be "Other" or "Person" if considered as people. However, "Person" is singular. The example had "fonte" (source) classified as "Per" (Person), which might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per", but "fonte" is a source, which could be a person or an organization. However, in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per", and "a mesma fonte" as "Per". So maybe "famílias" would be "Per" if considered as people. But "famílias" is plural, so maybe "Other" is more appropriate. Alternatively, since "famílias" refers to people, maybe "Person" is acceptable even if it's plural. But the example used "Per" for "fonte", which is singular. This is a bit ambiguous. However, in the absence of a "Group" class, "Person" might be the closest, but I need to check the example again. In the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per", which is a person. So "famílias" would be people, so "Person".

3. "vítimas" – Victims. These are people affected by the attack. So similar to "famílias", they are people, so "Person".

4. "Alemanha" – Germany, a country. That's a Location.

So the classifications would be:

["Governo português", "Organization"], ["famílias", "Person"], ["vítimas", "Person"], ["Alemanha", "Location"]

But wait, in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is a type of Location. However, the user's instruction says to use the main classes. So "Alemanha" is a country, which is a Location. So "Location" is correct.

But let me check again. The example output had "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", but the user's classes include "Location". So perhaps the user expects the main class, not the subcategories. Therefore, "Alemanha" would be "Location".

So the final answer would be:

[
  ["Governo português", "Organization"],
  ["famílias", "Person"],
  ["vítimas", "Person"],
  ["Alemanha", "Location"]
]
</think>

[["Governo português", "Organization"], ["famílias", "Person"], ["vítimas", "Person"], ["Alemanha", "Location"]]