<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "Authorities search to find missing man in Guadiana River". The participants to classify are "Authorities", "missing man", and "Guadiana River".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given in the task shows that "Plane" is classified as an Object, "airport" as a Facility, and "Lisbon" as a Place (capital). So I need to apply similar logic here.

Starting with "Authorities". In the context of the sentence, "Authorities" refers to people in a position of power, like police or government officials. Since they are people, even if they are a group, the class should be Person. Wait, but sometimes groups can be Organizations. However, the example had "Public Security Police" as an Organization. But "Authorities" is a general term. Hmm. In the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org. So maybe "Authorities" here is a group, so Organization? Or is it Person? Wait, the example had "source" as Person and "the same source" as Person. So "Authorities" could be a group of people, which might be considered an Organization. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, if it's a collective noun, maybe Person? But I think in most cases, "Authorities" would be considered an Organization. Wait, but the example had "a Public Security Police" as Org, so maybe "Authorities" is similar. Let me think again. If the authorities are a specific organization, like the police department, then Org. But if it's a general term, maybe Person? But the example might have "source" as a Person, which is an individual. So "Authorities" is a group, so Org? Or maybe Person? I'm a bit confused here. Maybe I should check the example again. In the example, "source" was classified as Person, and "the same source" as Person. So "Authorities" is a group, so maybe Org. Let me tentatively go with Organization for "Authorities".

Next, "missing man". That's clearly a person, so Person.

Then "Guadiana River". That's a river, which is a natural feature. The classes include Nature. So "Guadiana River" would be Nature. Wait, but in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as Pl_capital (which is a Location, maybe under Location class). Wait, the classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "Guadiana River" is a river, which is a natural feature, so Nature. But maybe "River" is a Location? Wait, the example had "airport" as Facility. So rivers are natural, so Nature. So "Guadiana River" is Nature.

Wait, but in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as Pl_capital, which is under Location. So maybe "Guadiana River" is a Location? But the class includes Nature as a separate category. Hmm. The example had "Lisbon" as Pl_capital, which is a Location. But the class "Location" might be for places like cities, airports, etc., while "Nature" is for natural features like rivers, mountains. So "Guadiana River" would be Nature. So the classifications would be:

Authorities: Organization

missing man: Person

Guadiana River: Nature

But I need to check if "Authorities" is indeed an Organization. If the authorities are a specific organization, like the police, then Org. But if it's a general term, maybe Person? But in the example, "Public Security Police" was Org. So "Authorities" is a general term, but in the context, it's a group of people acting as an organization. So I think Org is correct here.

So the final answer would be:

[["Authorities", "Org"], ["missing man", "Per"], ["Guadiana River", "Nature"]]
</think>

<Output>[["Authorities", "Org"], ["missing man", "Per"], ["Guadiana River", "Nature"]]</Output>