<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided includes things like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., even some phrases like "a Public Security Police." So I need to look for any entity that's actively involved or affected.

Looking at the input: "The Public Prosecutor's Office concluded that, in this way, the defendant unduly received the net amount of 5,400.17 euros."

First, "The Public Prosecutor's Office" is an organization, definitely a participant. Then "the defendant" is an individual, so that's a participant. The amount of money, 5,400.17 euros, might be considered an entity, but the example didn't include monetary values. Wait, in the example, they included "engine" and "a stopped engine," which are objects, not people. So maybe objects involved are included too. But the money here is part of the action, so maybe "5,400.17 euros" is a participant as it's the amount received. However, the example didn't include numbers, but they did include "5,400.17 euros" in the output? Wait, no, looking back, the example input had "engine failure" and "stopped engine," but the output included "engine" and "a stopped engine." So maybe specific nouns or phrases that are part of the event.

Wait, the example output includes "to engine," "engine," "a stopped engine," which are all related to the engine. So even if it's a part of the event, like the engine failure, the engine itself is considered a participant. So in this case, the defendant is a participant, the Public Prosecutor's Office is another. The money might be considered as part of the action, but maybe not an entity. The example didn't include numbers, so perhaps they are excluded. Let me check the example again. The example input had "engine failure," and the output included "engine," "a stopped engine," but not the monetary amount. So maybe the money isn't considered a participant here. 

So the participants here would be "The Public Prosecutor's Office" and "the defendant." The amount might be a value but not an entity. Also, "euros" is a currency, but the example didn't include that either. So I think the answer should be those two entities. 

Confidence: "The Public Prosecutor's Office" is clearly an organization, so 1.0. "the defendant" is an individual, so 1.0. The rest like "euros" or the amount might not be considered participants here. So the output would be those two with confidence 1.0 each.
</think>

[["The Public Prosecutor's Office", 1.0], ["the defendant", 1.0]]