<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about a defendant accused of ordering military personnel from the Criminal Investigation Unit and his subordinates to replace him in his service. The participants to classify are "The defendant", "military personnel", "Criminal Investigation Unit", and "his subordinates".

First, I need to recall the classes. The classes are Per, Org, Obj, Nat, Fac, Veh, Path, Pl_water, Pl_celestial, Pl_mountain, Pl_civil, Pl_country, Pl_mount_range, Pl_capital, Pl_region, Pl_state, Loc, and Other. 

Starting with "The defendant". This is a person, so Per makes sense. The defendant is an individual involved in the event, so Per with high confidence.

Next, "military personnel". These are people, so Per again. The term refers to individuals in the military, so Per with high confidence.

"Criminal Investigation Unit" sounds like an organization or a department within a military or police force. Since it's a unit, it's likely an organizational structure, so Org. Confidence is high here.

"His subordinates" refers to people under his command. Again, individuals, so Per. High confidence.

Wait, but "his subordinates" could be a group. However, the term "subordinates" is plural, but the class Per is for individuals or characters. However, the examples in the task show that "Per" includes groups of people as individuals. Wait, no, the definition says Per is entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. So "subordinates" would be individuals, but the term is plural. However, in the examples, "O rapaz" is singular. But in the input, "his subordinates" is a group. Hmm, but the class Per is for individuals. Wait, maybe "subordinates" here refers to the group as a collective, but the class Per is for individuals. Wait, the example given for Per is "O rapaz" (the boy), which is singular. But the task's participants can be groups. Wait, the definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, etc. So maybe "his subordinates" is a group of individuals, but the class Per is for individuals. Wait, no, the class Per is for human individuals or characters. So if the term refers to a group of people, does that fall under Org or Per? The example given for Org is "A EDP" (a company). So "his subordinates" is a group of people, but since they are individuals, maybe they are classified as Per. But the class Per is for individuals, not groups. Wait, the definition says participants can be groups. But the classes for Per are individuals. Wait, the initial classes: Per is for human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. So groups of people would not be Per. Then, maybe "his subordinates" is a group, but since they are individuals, perhaps each is Per, but the term as a group might be Org? Wait, but the example given in the task for Org is "A EDP" (a company). So if "his subordinates" is a group of people, perhaps it's not classified as Per but as Org? Wait, but the class Org is for organizations, companies, governments, teams, institutions. So "subordinates" is a group of people, but not an organization. So maybe "his subordinates" is a group of individuals, but since the class Per is for individuals, perhaps it's not applicable. Wait, but the example given in the task's output for "source" was classified as Per. Wait, in the example, "source" was a person, so Per. So "his subordinates" is a group of people, but the class Per is for individuals. So maybe "his subordinates" is not Per. Hmm, this is confusing. Let me check the original task's example again.

In the example provided, the participants included "source" which was classified as Per. So "source" is a person. So if "his subordinates" refers to people, then each is Per, but the term "his subordinates" is a group. However, the task requires classifying the exact entity as mentioned. So "his subordinates" is a collective noun referring to a group of people. But the class Per is for individuals. So perhaps "his subordinates" is not Per. Wait, but the definition says participants can be groups. However, the classes are more specific. For example, Org is for organizations. So if "his subordinates" is a group of people, but not an organization, then perhaps it's not classified under any class. But the options are Per, Org, etc. So maybe "his subordinates" is Per because they are individuals. But the term is plural. Wait, but in the example, "the same source" was classified as Per. So even if it's a group, if it's referring to people, maybe Per is acceptable. Alternatively, maybe "his subordinates" is a group, so it's not Per but Org? But Org is for organizations. So I think "his subordinates" is a group of individuals, so they are Per. So I'll go with Per for all of them. Let me check again.

The defendant is a person: Per. Military personnel are people: Per. Criminal Investigation Unit is an organization: Org. His subordinates are people: Per. So the classifications would be:

["The defendant", "Per", 0.95], ["military personnel", "Per", 0.9], ["Criminal Investigation Unit", "Org", 0.95], ["his subordinates", "Per", 0.9].
</think>

<Output>[["The defendant", "Per", 0.95], ["military personnel", "Per", 0.95], ["Criminal Investigation Unit", "Org", 0.95], ["his subordinates", "Per", 0.9]]</Output>