<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even things like "engine" or "airport" can be considered participants if they're relevant.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input here is: "The information was released on Sunday by the Wall Street Journal and cited by the Associated Press (AP)."

Looking for entities here. The main participants would be the organizations involved. "Wall Street Journal" is definitely an organization that released the information. Then "Associated Press (AP)" is another organization that cited it. The parentheses around AP might indicate that it's an abbreviation, but since AP is a well-known entity, I should include both "Associated Press" and "AP" as separate entities? Wait, but the example output includes "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entries. However, in the given input, "Associated Press (AP)" is a single entity with its abbreviation. The example output includes both the full name and the abbreviation as separate entries. Wait, in the example, "Lusa." and "a Public Security Police" are separate. But in the input here, "Associated Press (AP)" is a single entity. Should I split them into two entries? The example output includes "the same source" and "source" as separate, but in this case, "Associated Press" and "AP" are part of the same entity. However, the user's example output includes "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entities. Wait, maybe the user's example is not perfect. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entries. But in the input, "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So "source" and "the same source" are mentioned. So the user's example includes "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. But in the current input, "Associated Press (AP)" is a single entity. However, the user's example includes "Lusa." and "a Public Security Police" as separate. So maybe in this case, "Associated Press" and "AP" are considered separate entities. But the user's example includes "the same source" as a separate entity. However, in the current input, the entity is "Associated Press (AP)", which is a single entity with its abbreviation. But the user's example includes "Lusa." as an entity, which is a news agency. So perhaps the user wants to extract both the full name and the abbreviation as separate entities if they are present. However, in the example, "Lusa." is included as a separate entity, but "the same source" is also included. So maybe the user wants to extract all mentions of entities, even if they are the same entity referred to differently. 

In the current input, "Wall Street Journal" and "Associated Press (AP)" are the main entities. The user might want "Wall Street Journal" and "Associated Press" as separate entities, and "AP" as another. However, the example output includes "Lusa." as an entity. But in the example, "Lusa." is a news agency, so it's an entity. Similarly, "AP" is an abbreviation for Associated Press. So perhaps in this case, "Associated Press" and "AP" should be considered separate entities. However, the user's example output includes "the same source" as an entity, which refers back to the previous mention of "a Public Security Police source". So maybe the user is okay with including different mentions of the same entity as separate entries. 

But in the current input, the entities are "Wall Street Journal" and "Associated Press (AP)". The user might expect "Wall Street Journal" and "Associated Press" as two separate entities, and "AP" as another. But the example output includes "Lusa." as a separate entity. However, in the example, "Lusa." is a proper noun. So in this case, "Associated Press" and "AP" are both proper nouns. Therefore, I should extract both. 

So the output would be:

["Wall Street Journal", 1.0], ["Associated Press", 1.0], ["AP", 1.0]

But wait, the user's example output includes "a Public Security Police" as an entity, which is a group. Similarly, "the same source" is an entity. However, in the current input, "by the Wall Street Journal" and "cited by the Associated Press (AP)" are the two main entities. The "source" in the example is mentioned as "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source", but in the current input, the entities are the organizations. 

So the correct participants here are the Wall Street Journal and the Associated Press (AP). The user might want "Associated Press" and "AP" as separate entries. However, the example output includes "Lusa." as a separate entity. So perhaps "AP" is included as an entity. 

Therefore, the final answer would be:

[["Wall Street Journal", 1.0], ["Associated Press", 1.0], ["AP", 1.0]]

But wait, the user's example output includes "source" as an entity. However, in the current input, the entities are the organizations. The user's example includes "source" as an entity, but in this case, the source is the Wall Street Journal and Associated Press. So maybe "source" is not an entity here. 

Alternatively, the user's example includes "source" as an entity, but in the current input, the entities are the organizations. So I need to extract the organizations. 

Therefore, the correct answer is:

[["Wall Street Journal", 1.0], ["Associated Press", 1.0], ["AP", 1.0]]

But I need to check the confidence. The user's example includes "a Public Security Police" with confidence 0.85, but in this case, the entities are clearly the organizations. So confidence should be 1.0 for each. However, the example output has varying confidence levels. Wait, in the example output, the confidence for "Plane" is 0.85, but in the current input, the entities are more clearly defined. So I should assign 1.0 confidence for each. 

Alternatively, maybe "AP" is just an abbreviation and not a separate entity. But the example includes "Lusa." as an entity. So perhaps "AP" should be included. 

Therefore, the final answer is:

[["Wall Street Journal", 1.0], ["Associated Press", 1.0], ["AP", 1.0]]
</think>

[["Wall Street Journal", 1.0], ["Associated Press", 1.0], ["AP", 1.0]]