<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "The other missing person is Majd Kamalmaz, a 62-year-old clinical psychologist from the State of Virginia, who disappeared in 2017."

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main person mentioned is Majd Kamalmaz. That's an individual, so definitely a participant. Then, "clinical psychologist" is a role, but the example in the task didn't include roles like that. Wait, in the example given earlier, they included things like "engine" and "airport," which are objects or locations. But the user's definition includes individuals, groups, organizations, etc. So maybe "clinical psychologist" is a role, but the actual participant is Majd Kamalmaz. 

Next, "the State of Virginia" is a location. The example included "Lisbon" and "England" as locations. So "the State of Virginia" should be a participant. The year 2017 is a time, not an entity. 

The phrase "the other missing person" refers to Majd Kamalmaz, but that's a descriptor, not an entity. The example included "the same source" as a participant, which is a reference to an entity. So here, "the other missing person" might be a descriptor, but the actual entity is Majd Kamalmaz. 

So the participants would be Majd Kamalmaz, the State of Virginia. Wait, but "the State of Virginia" is a location, which is an entity. The example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So yes, locations are included. 

Are there any organizations mentioned? The example had "Jota Aviation" and "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" as organizations. In this case, there's no organization mentioned. 

What about "clinical psychologist"? That's a profession, not an entity. The example included "engine" as an entity, which is an object. So maybe "clinical psychologist" isn't a participant here, just a descriptor of Majd Kamalmaz. 

So the entities are Majd Kamalmaz (individual), the State of Virginia (location). 

Wait, the example output included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So if the input mentions an organization, even if it's a title, it's included. But in this case, there's no organization. 

So the final list would be ["Majd Kamalmaz", "the State of Virginia"]. 

Now, confidence. For Majd Kamalmaz, it's definitely mentioned, so confidence 1.0. For "the State of Virginia," it's a location, but the example included "Lisbon" and "England" as participants. However, in the example, "Lisbon" was included twice, once as "Lisbon" and once in "Humberto Delgado Airport, in Lisbon." So maybe locations are included even if they're part of a larger entity. So "the State of Virginia" is a participant as a location. Confidence here might be 0.9 because it's a proper noun and clearly a location. 

Wait, but the example had "airport" as a participant. So maybe "the State of Virginia" is a participant as a location. So I think that's correct. 

So the JSON array would be:

[["Majd Kamalmaz", 1.0], ["the State of Virginia", 0.9]]
</think>

[["Majd Kamalmaz", 1.0], ["the State of Virginia", 0.9]]