<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "He is believed to be detained in one of the Damascus regime's prisons."

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main subject is "He," but since it's a pronoun and not a specific name, maybe it's not a participant unless we can infer more. However, the example given in the task includes "Plane" and "engine" as entities, even if they are parts of a larger entity. Wait, in the example, "to engine" and "a stopped engine" are included. So maybe parts of phrases are considered as entities if they are key components.

In the input sentence, "Damascus regime" is a clear entity. The regime is an organization or group. Then "prisons" are part of the regime's facilities. But the example includes "airport" and "the airports" as entities. So maybe "prisons" here would be considered as an entity. However, the sentence says "one of the Damascus regime's prisons," so the prisons are part of the regime. But the regime itself is the main entity here. 

Also, "He" is a person, but since it's a pronoun and not a specific name, maybe the confidence is lower. But the example includes "source" and "the same source" as entities. So maybe "He" is considered a participant here. However, without a specific name, the confidence might be lower. 

Another possible entity is "Damascus regime's prisons," but the example includes "the airports" as an entity. So maybe "prisons" is an entity here. But the example also includes "Lisbon" as a location. In this case, "Damascus" is a location, so that might be an entity. 

Wait, the example includes "Lisbon" twice. So maybe locations are considered entities. So "Damascus" would be a location. 

So possible entities:

- "He" (person, but pronoun, confidence maybe 0.5)
- "Damascus regime" (organization, confidence 0.9)
- "prisons" (part of the regime's facilities, confidence 0.7)
- "Damascus" (location, confidence 0.8)

But the example includes "airport" as an entity. So maybe "prisons" is an entity here. However, the example also includes "the airports" as an entity. So in the input, "prisons" is part of the regime, but the regime is the main entity. 

Wait, the sentence says "detained in one of the Damascus regime's prisons." The prisons are part of the regime's infrastructure. So the regime is the entity, and the prisons are a part of it. But the example includes "airport" as an entity. So maybe "prisons" is an entity here. 

Alternatively, maybe "Damascus regime's prisons" is considered a single entity. But the example includes "the airports" as an entity, so maybe "prisons" is an entity here. 

I think the main entities here are "He" (if considered a participant), "Damascus regime," and "Damascus." The prisons are part of the regime's facilities, but maybe not a separate entity. 

But the example includes "the airports" as an entity. So perhaps "prisons" is also an entity. However, the example also includes "Lisbon" as a location. So "Damascus" would be a location here. 

So the extracted entities would be:

- "He" (confidence 0.5)
- "Damascus regime" (confidence 0.9)
- "prisons" (confidence 0.7)
- "Damascus" (confidence 0.8)

But I need to check if "He" is a participant. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, etc. involved or impacted. If "He" is the person being detained, then he is a participant. However, since it's a pronoun and not a specific name, the confidence might be lower. 

Alternatively, maybe "He" is not an entity because it's not a named entity. The example includes "Plane" and "engine" as entities, which are nouns, not pronouns. So maybe "He" is not considered an entity here. 

So the main entities would be "Damascus regime" and "Damascus." The prisons are part of the regime's facilities, but maybe not a separate entity. 

Wait, the example includes "airport" as an entity. So maybe "prisons" is also an entity. So "prisons" would be included. 

So the final list would be:

["Damascus regime", 0.9], ["prisons", 0.7], ["Damascus", 0.8]

But I need to check if "Damascus regime's prisons" is considered as a single entity. However, the example breaks down "the airports" into "the airports" as an entity. So "prisons" is an entity here. 

Alternatively, maybe "Damascus regime" is the main entity, and "prisons" is a part of it. But the example includes "airport" as an entity, so "prisons" would be similar. 

I think that's the way to go. So the answer would be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["He", 0.5], ["Damascus regime", 0.9], ["prisons", 0.7], ["Damascus", 0.8]]