<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even things like "to engine" were included, but I need to check if that's accurate.

First, I'll read the input carefully: "There have been no confirmed visits by high-level US leaders to Damascus since the closure of the US embassy and the return of the ambassador in 2012."

Looking for entities here. The main participants would be the US leaders, Damascus, the US embassy, the ambassador. Let's break it down.

"high-level US leaders" – that's a group, so they're participants. "Damascus" is a location, so that's a participant. "US embassy" is an organization. "ambassador" is a role, but the ambassador is a person, but the text doesn't name a specific individual, just the role. Wait, the return of the ambassador – maybe the ambassador is considered as a participant here. But since it's not a specific name, maybe it's the role. Hmm, the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities, even if they were roles. So maybe "ambassador" is a participant here. Also, the US embassy is an organization. 

Wait, the example had "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So even if it's a group, they're included. So in this case, "US embassy" is an organization, "Damascus" is a location, "high-level US leaders" is a group, and "ambassador" is a role. But the example included "the same source" as an entity. So maybe "ambassador" is considered a participant here. 

But the input says "return of the ambassador" – the ambassador is a person, but since it's not a specific name, maybe it's not considered an entity. Wait, the example had "source" as an entity. So maybe "ambassador" is considered a participant here. But the example also included "the same source" as a separate entity. So perhaps "ambassador" is a role, but since it's mentioned, it's included. 

Wait, the example output included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So even if it's a group, they are included. So in this case, "US embassy" is an organization, "Damascus" is a location, "high-level US leaders" is a group, and "ambassador" is a role. But the example also included "the same source" as an entity. So maybe "ambassador" is considered a participant here. 

But the input doesn't mention a specific ambassador, just the role. So maybe "ambassador" is a participant. However, the example included "source" as an entity, which is a role. So perhaps even roles are considered participants. 

So the entities here would be:

- high-level US leaders (group)
- Damascus (location)
- US embassy (organization)
- ambassador (role)
- US (country, but maybe not necessary? Wait, the example included "England" and "Lisbon" as entities. So "US" is a country, so it's a participant. But the input says "US leaders" and "US embassy", so maybe "US" is redundant here. But the example included "England" and "Lisbon" as separate entities. So in this case, "US" is a country, so it's a participant. But the input doesn't mention "US" as a standalone entity, only in "US leaders" and "US embassy". So maybe "US" is part of those entities. 

Wait, the example had "Lisbon" as an entity. So in the input, "Damascus" is a city, so it's a participant. "US" is a country, but the input doesn't mention it as a standalone entity. However, "US leaders" and "US embassy" are entities. So maybe "US" is not a separate entity here. 

So the entities would be:

- high-level US leaders (group)
- Damascus (location)
- US embassy (organization)
- ambassador (role)

But the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So maybe "ambassador" is considered a participant here. 

Wait, the input says "return of the ambassador in 2012." So the ambassador is a person, but since it's not named, maybe it's not considered an entity. However, the example included "source" as an entity, which is a role. So maybe "ambassador" is considered a participant here. 

So the final list would be:

["high-level US leaders", 0.9], ["Damascus", 0.9], ["US embassy", 0.9], ["ambassador", 0.7]

Wait, but the example had "the airports" as an entity. So maybe "US embassy" is an organization, and "Damascus" is a location. Also, "high-level US leaders" is a group. 

But the input doesn't mention "US" as a separate entity, but "US leaders" and "US embassy" are entities. So "US" is part of those. 

So the output would be:

[
  ["high-level US leaders", 0.9],
  ["Damascus", 0.9],
  ["US embassy", 0.9],
  ["ambassador", 0.7]
]

But I need to check if "US" is a participant. The example included "England" and "Lisbon" as entities. So "Damascus" is a city, so it's a participant. "US" is a country, but since it's not mentioned as a standalone entity, maybe not. However, "US leaders" and "US embassy" are entities that include "US" as part of their names. But the example included "Lisbon" as a separate entity. So "Damascus" is a separate entity. 

Therefore, the final list includes the four entities mentioned above. The confidence levels are based on how clearly they are mentioned. "high-level US leaders" is explicitly mentioned, so high confidence. "Damascus" is a place, high confidence. "US embassy" is an organization, high confidence. "ambassador" is a role, but not a specific person, so lower confidence, maybe 0.7.
</think>

[["high-level US leaders", 0.9], ["Damascus", 0.9], ["US embassy", 0.9], ["ambassador", 0.7]]