<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input sentence: "Os militares desmobilizaram as pessoas para “cumprimento das normas referentes à pandemia de covid-19”." 

Breaking it down, the main action is "desmobilizaram" (disembarked/mobilized). The subject here is "os militares" (the military), and the object is "as pessoas" (the people). The reason given is related to pandemic norms. 

So, the participants would be the military ("os militares") and the people ("as pessoas"). The pandemic itself is mentioned, but it's a reason, not an entity involved. The norms are part of the reason, so maybe not a participant. The country or organization isn't mentioned, so no need to include that. 

Wait, the example output included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) even though they were mentioned as sources. So in this case, "os militares" and "as pessoas" are the main participants. 

I should check if there are any other entities. The phrase "pandemia de covid-19" is a concept, not an entity. The quotes around "cumprimento das normas..." might indicate a specific reason, but again, not an entity. 

So the two participants are "os militares" and "as pessoas". Now, confidence scores. "Os militares" is explicitly mentioned as the subject, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. "As pessoas" are the ones being moved, so also high confidence, maybe 0.9. 

I need to make sure there are no other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any organizations, places, or other groups. So the final list should be those two with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["os militares", 0.95], ["as pessoas", 0.9]]