<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "Na nota é ainda referido que o proprietário foi identificado e foi elaborado 'um auto de contraordenação'." The participants to classify are "o proprietário" and "um auto de contraordenação".

First, I need to determine the class for each entity based on the given categories. 

Starting with "o proprietário". The definition of "Per" includes human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. Since "proprietário" translates to "owner" in English, which is a human individual, this should be classified under "Per". The confidence here is high, maybe around 0.95, because it's clearly referring to a person.

Next, "um auto de contraordenação". The term "auto de contraordenação" is a legal document, specifically a notice of administrative offense in Portuguese law. The category "Obj" is for tangible, manmade objects. However, a legal document is a document, which is a manmade object. But wait, the category "Other" includes entities that don't fit into the other categories. But looking at the examples, "Obj" includes things like "a cadeira" (chair), which is a tangible object. A document is intangible, so maybe it's not "Obj". Alternatively, "Other" might be more appropriate. But the example given for "Other" is "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt), which is a sensory experience. The "Obj" category is for tangible objects. Since a legal document is a document, which is a type of object, even if intangible, maybe it's considered "Obj". Alternatively, if "Obj" is strictly physical objects, then "Other" might be better. However, the example for "Obj" includes "a cadeira" (chair), which is physical. The "Other" category includes things that don't fit elsewhere. So "auto de contraordenação" is a document, which is a manmade object but not a physical object. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. Maybe "Other" is the right choice here. But I need to check the definitions again. The definition for "Obj" says "tangible, manmade objects". Since a document is not tangible, it's not "Obj". Therefore, "Other" would be the correct class. However, looking at the example provided in the task, the "Other" example is "um cheiro a queimado", which is a non-physical entity. So "auto de contraordenação" is a document, which is a manmade object but not tangible. Therefore, it might not fit into "Obj" and would be classified as "Other". But I need to check if there's a better fit. The "Loc" category is for places, which doesn't apply here. "Org" is for organizations, which it's not. "Per" is for people, which it's not. "Nat" is natural entities, no. "Fac" is facilities, no. "Veh" is vehicles, no. "Path" is locations, no. "Pl_water", "Pl_celestial", etc., no. "Loc" is for places not fitting other Pl_ categories. So "Other" seems to be the correct class here. Therefore, "um auto de contraordenação" would be classified as "Other" with a confidence of maybe 0.85. But wait, the user's example in the task includes "Obj" for "a cadeira" (chair), which is a physical object. The "auto de contraordenação" is a document, which is a type of object but not tangible. So perhaps "Other" is the correct class here. Alternatively, if the system allows for "Obj" to include non-tangible objects, but according to the definition, it's only tangible. Therefore, I think "Other" is the right class here. So the classifications would be ["o proprietário", "Per", 0.95] and ["um auto de contraordenação", "Other", 0.85].
</think>

<Output>[["o proprietário", "Per", 0.95], ["um auto de contraordenação", "Other", 0.85]]</Output>