<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their own confidence. 

First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred. So, I need to look for any such entities in the input text.

The input text is: "Na nota é ainda referido que o proprietário foi identificado e foi elaborado “um auto de contraordenação”."

Breaking this down, the main entities here are "o proprietário" (the owner) and "um auto de contraordenação" (a notice of violation). The phrase "Na nota" might refer to a document or note, but it's not an entity itself. The verb "foi identificado" indicates that the owner was identified, making them a participant. The "auto de contraordenação" is a legal document created, so that's another participant.

I should check if there are any other entities. The text doesn't mention any other people, organizations, or places. "Proprietário" is a person, so that's one. "Auto de contraordenação" is a formal document, which counts as an entity here. 

Now, confidence scores. For "o proprietário," since it's explicitly mentioned and central to the sentence, I'd say high confidence, maybe 0.95. "um auto de contraordenação" is also directly mentioned and is a key part of the event, so 0.9. I need to make sure I don't miss any other mentions. The text doesn't repeat these entities, so each appears once. 

Wait, the example output included repeated mentions like "Avião" and "o motor" multiple times. In this case, "o proprietário" and "um auto de contraordenação" are each mentioned once. So the output should be two entries. 

I need to format this as a JSON array with each entity and its confidence. No markdown, just the array. Let me double-check the input again to ensure I didn't overlook anything. Yep, that's all. So the final answer should be those two entities with their respective confidence scores.
</think>

[["o proprietário", 0.95], ["um auto de contraordenação", 0.9]]