<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about the PSP seizing drugs from an unemployed person. The participants to classify are "PSP", "the unemployed person", "heroin", and "cocaine".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. 

Starting with "PSP". I know PSP stands for Polícia de Segurança Pública in Portugal, which is a police force. So that's an Organization. 

Next, "the unemployed person". That's a person, so the class should be Person. 

Then "heroin" and "cocaine". These are drugs, which are substances. The class "Nature" might include substances, but I need to check if "Object" is more appropriate. Wait, the example given earlier had "engine" classified as Object. But heroin and cocaine are drugs, which are substances, so maybe "Nature" is the right class here. However, looking at the example, "engine" was classified as Object. Hmm. Wait, the example had "engine" as Obj. But in the given classes, "Nature" is a category. So maybe drugs are considered as Objects? Or maybe "Nature" is for natural elements like mountains, rivers, etc. The example had "engine" as Object, so perhaps substances like heroin and cocaine would also be Objects. Alternatively, maybe "Nature" is for things like "heroin" as a drug, but I'm not sure. Let me think again. The classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. 

In the example, "engine" was classified as Object. So if heroin and cocaine are objects (as they are physical substances), then they would be Object. But maybe "Nature" is for natural elements. However, the example didn't have any drugs, so I need to make a judgment. Since heroin and cocaine are substances, perhaps they are Objects. Alternatively, if "Nature" includes drugs, but I think "Object" is more likely here. 

So the classifications would be:

- PSP: Organization
- the unemployed person: Person
- heroin: Object
- cocaine: Object

I think that's correct. Let me double-check. The example had "engine" as Object, so drugs as objects make sense. So the final answer should be those classifications.
</think>

[["PSP", "Org"], ["the unemployed person", "Per"], ["heroin", "Obj"], ["cocaine", "Obj"]]