<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "According to the PSP, the detainee is now before the Judicial Authorities." And the participants to classify are ["PSP", "the detainee", "Judicial Authorities"]. 

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had some specific classifications like "Pl_capital" for Lisbon, but maybe in this case, the classes are more general. Wait, looking back at the example output, they used classes like "Org" for organizations, "Per" for person, "Fac" for facility, etc. So maybe the classes here are the same as the main categories but with some subcategories like Pl_capital (probably Place: capital), Pl_civil (Place: civil?), etc. But the user's instruction says to use the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Wait, the example output used "Pl_capital" which isn't in the initial list. Hmm, maybe the example had a different set of classes. Wait, the user provided an example where the output had classes like "Obj", "Fac", "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", "Pl_country", "Org", "Per", "Loc". But the initial instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. There's a discrepancy here. Wait, maybe the example was using more specific subcategories, but the user's current task says to use the main classes. Let me check the user's instruction again.

The user says: "Classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other". So the main classes are these. However, in the example, they used "Pl_capital" which might be a mistake or perhaps a different categorization. But the user's current task says to follow the given classes. So I need to stick to the main classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

Now, looking at the participants:

1. "PSP": PSP stands for Public Security Police, which is an organization. So that's "Organization".

2. "the detainee": A detainee is a person, so "Person".

3. "Judicial Authorities": This refers to a group or body, which is an organization. So "Organization".

Wait, but "Judicial Authorities" could be considered a role or a group, but in the context, it's more likely an organization. So the classifications would be:

["PSP", "Organization"], ["the detainee", "Person"], ["Judicial Authorities", "Organization"].

I need to make sure there's no other possible classifications. For example, "Judicial Authorities" might be considered a Facility? No, that doesn't make sense. It's a group of people or an institution, so Organization. "PSP" is definitely an organization. "The detainee" is a person. So that's the correct classification.
</think>

[["PSP", "Organization"], ["the detainee", "Person"], ["Judicial Authorities", "Organization"]]