<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Autoridades fazem buscas para encontrar homem desaparecido no rio Guadiana". The participants to classify are ["Autoridades", "homem desaparecido", "rio Guadiana", "no rio Guadiana"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier used classes like Obj, Fac, Pl_capital, etc. Wait, but the user's instruction says to use the classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. However, in the example output, they used abbreviations like "Obj", "Fac", "Pl_capital", etc. But the user's current task says to use the classes as listed, not the abbreviations. Wait, the example output had "Pl_capital" but the user's current instruction says to use the classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Hmm, maybe there's a discrepancy here. Wait, looking back at the user's message:

In the example, the output used classes like "Obj", "Fac", "Pl_capital", etc. But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example used abbreviations, but the actual task is to use the full names. But the user's current task says to use the classes as listed. Wait, the user provided an example where the output used abbreviations, but the instruction says to use the classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example was using a different format, but the current task requires using the full class names. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So I need to use those exact class names. But in the example, they used "Obj" for Object, "Fac" for Facility, "Pl_capital" for Location (maybe a specific type?), but the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. So perhaps the example was using a different system, but the current task requires using the classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Therefore, I need to map each entity to one of these classes.

Let me go through each participant:

1. "Autoridades" – This translates to "Authorities". Authorities are typically organizations or government bodies. So "Organization" makes sense here.

2. "homem desaparecido" – "Missing man". This is a person, so "Person".

3. "rio Guadiana" – "Guadiana River". A river is a natural feature, so "Nature" or "Location"? Wait, the classes include Location. But "Nature" is also a class. The example had "Lisboa" classified as "Pl_capital" (which might be a specific type of location). But according to the user's instruction, the classes are Location, Nature, etc. So a river is a natural feature, so "Nature" or "Location"? Hmm. Maybe "Location" is more general. Wait, the example had "aeroporto" as "Fac" (Facility), "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital" (which is a location). So perhaps "rio Guadiana" is a "Location" since it's a river, a geographical feature. But the class "Nature" might be for natural elements. The user's instruction says "Location" is a class, so maybe "Location" is appropriate here. Alternatively, if the river is considered a natural feature, "Nature" could be used. But I need to check the example. In the example, "aeroporto" was "Fac" (Facility), "Lisboa" was "Pl_capital" (a type of location). So "rio Guadiana" would be a "Location" since it's a geographical place. So I'll go with "Location".

4. "no rio Guadiana" – This is "in the Guadiana River". The preposition "no" (in the) is part of the phrase. The entity here is still "rio Guadiana", so it's the same as the previous one. But the user lists "no rio Guadiana" as a separate entity. However, the preposition "no" is part of the phrase, but the actual entity is "rio Guadiana". However, the user might be considering "no rio Guadiana" as a location phrase. But in the example, "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was classified as "Fac" (Facility). So "no rio Guadiana" would be a location, so "Location".

Wait, but in the example, "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was classified as "Fac" (Facility), which is the same as the airport name. So "no rio Guadiana" would be the same as "rio Guadiana", which is a location. So "Location".

So the classifications would be:

["Autoridades", "Organization"], ["homem desaparecido", "Person"], ["rio Guadiana", "Location"], ["no rio Guadiana", "Location"].

But wait, the user's example had "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", which is a specific type of location. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as Location, so maybe "Location" is the correct class here. The example might have used more specific subcategories, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Therefore, "rio Guadiana" is a Location, and "no rio Guadiana" is also a Location.

So the final answer should be:

[
  ["Autoridades", "Organization"],
  ["homem desaparecido", "Person"],
  ["rio Guadiana", "Location"],
  ["no rio Guadiana", "Location"]
]
</think>

[["Autoridades", "Organization"], ["homem desaparecido", "Person"], ["rio Guadiana", "Location"], ["no rio Guadiana", "Location"]]