<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about four men fleeing after a shooting and being intercepted by authorities. The participants to classify are "the four men" and "authorities".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had entities like "Plane" classified as Object, "airport" as Facility, and "Lusa." as Organization. 

Looking at "the four men": they are individuals, so that should be "Person". The term "authorities" usually refers to a group of people in positions of power, like police or government officials. Since they are people, even if grouped, "authorities" would fall under "Person" as well. Wait, but sometimes "authorities" could be considered an Organization if it's a formal body. However, in the example, "Public Security Police" was classified as an Organization, but "authorities" is more general. The example had "source" classified as "Per" (Person), so maybe "authorities" here is also a Person. 

Wait, the example had "source" as "Per", which might be a person. But "authorities" is a collective term. However, in the classification, "Person" might include groups of people acting as individuals. Alternatively, maybe "authorities" is considered an Organization. But in the example, "Public Security Police" was an Organization. So "authorities" might be more like a group, but not a specific organization. Hmm.

Wait, the classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "authorities" could be considered an Organization if it's a formal entity, but if it's just a general term for people in authority, maybe it's Person. But the example had "source" as Person, which was a singular entity. However, "authorities" is plural. But the classification might not differentiate between singular and plural. 

In the input sentence, "authorities" are the ones who intercepted the men. Since they are people (like police), they should be classified as Person. So "the four men" is Person, and "authorities" is also Person. 

So the output should be:
[["the four men", "Person"], ["authorities", "Person"]]
</think>

<Output>[["the four men", "Person"], ["authorities", "Person"]]</Output>