<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "According to the same source, one of the suspects had a magazine with several ammunition in his possession when he was detained." The participants to classify are ["the same source", "one of the suspects", "magazine", "ammunition"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had some specific classifications like "Pl_capital" for Lisbon, but maybe in this case, the classes are more general. Wait, looking back, the example output used classes like "Obj", "Fac", "Pl_capital", etc. But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. However, in the example, they used abbreviations like "Pl_capital" which might be a mistake or maybe a typo. Wait, the user's example output shows classes like "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil", but the original classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. That's confusing. Maybe the example is using a different classification system, but the user's current task says to use the classes as listed. Wait, the user says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the classes are those seven. But in the example output, they have things like "Pl_capital" which might be a mistake. However, the user's instruction says to follow the classes as listed. So perhaps the example is incorrect, but the user wants us to use the seven classes as specified.

So for this task, I need to classify each participant into one of those seven classes.

Let's go through each participant:

1. "the same source": In the input, "source" is mentioned as "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So "source" here refers to a person or organization providing information. Since the example classified "source" as "Per" (Person), but in the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as "Org". However, "the same source" would be a person, so maybe "Person".

Wait, in the example, "source" was classified as "Per" and "the same source" as "Per". So here, "the same source" would be a Person.

2. "one of the suspects": Suspects are people, so that's Person.

3. "magazine": A magazine is an object, so Object.

4. "ammunition": Ammunition is an object, so Object.

Wait, but the classes include Object, so both "magazine" and "ammunition" would be Object. Let me check again.

Yes, "magazine" is an object (like a physical magazine or a publication? In the context of the sentence, it's a magazine with ammunition, so likely a physical object. "Ammunition" is also an object. So both are Object.

So the classifications would be:

["the same source", "Person"], ["one of the suspects", "Person"], ["magazine", "Object"], ["ammunition", "Object"]

But wait, the example had "source" as "Per" and "the same source" as "Per". So "the same source" is a Person. "one of the suspects" is a Person. "magazine" and "ammunition" are Objects. That seems correct.
</think>

[["the same source", "Person"], ["one of the suspects", "Person"], ["magazine", "Object"], ["ammunition", "Object"]]