<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence about a detainee being present for a judicial interrogation at a court, with a statement mentioning coercive measures.

The participants are "The detainee", "Matosinhos Judicial Court", and "the statement". 

Starting with "The detainee": This refers to a person who is being held, so the class should be Person. 

Next, "Matosinhos Judicial Court": This is a specific court, which is a type of facility. So, Facility makes sense here. 

Lastly, "the statement": The statement is made by someone, but the text doesn't specify who. However, in the example given earlier, "source" was classified as Person. But here, "the statement" is the content, not the person making it. Wait, in the example, "source" was classified as Person, but in this case, "the statement" is the thing being referred to. However, the example also had "Lusa." classified as Org, which is an organization. But "the statement" isn't an organization. Maybe "the statement" is an object or another category. Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Hmm, "the statement" is a piece of information, so maybe it's an Object. But in the example, "source" was Person. However, in the input, "the statement said" implies that the statement is made by someone, but the entity here is the statement itself. Since the statement is a thing, perhaps Object is the right class. Alternatively, if there's no specific class, maybe Other. But looking at the example, "website." was classified as Loc, which seems off. Wait, in the example, "website." was given as Loc, but that might be a mistake. However, the user provided that as the example output. So maybe in this case, "the statement" is an Object. But I need to check the classes again. 

Wait, the classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "the statement" is not a person, organization, location, facility, or nature. It's an object (a statement is an object of information) or maybe Other. But the example had "source" as Person. However, "source" in the example was "a Public Security Police source", which is a person. But here, "the statement" is the content, not the person. So maybe "the statement" is an Object. Alternatively, if there's no clear class, it might be Other. But I need to see if there's a better fit. 

Alternatively, maybe "the statement" is an Object. So the classifications would be:

["The detainee", "Person"], ["Matosinhos Judicial Court", "Facility"], ["the statement", "Object"].

But I need to make sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "source" was classified as Person, even though it was "a Public Security Police source". So "source" here refers to a person. But in this case, "the statement" is the thing that was made, not the person. So maybe "the statement" is an Object. Alternatively, if the statement is considered as a document or a thing, then Object. But if there's no better fit, maybe Other. However, the example had "website." as Loc, which might be a mistake, but I have to follow the given example. 

Alternatively, maybe "the statement" is an Object. So I'll go with that.
</think>

[["The detainee", "Person"], ["Matosinhos Judicial Court", "Fac"], ["the statement", "Obj"]]