<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Police officer fatally shot by colleague during argument in Maputo". The participants to classify are ["Police officer", "colleague", "Maputo"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had entries like "Plane" classified as Object, "airport" as Facility, and "Lisbon" as a capital city (Pl_capital). But in this case, the classes might be more straightforward without the subcategories like Pl_capital. Wait, looking back at the example output, they used codes like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", etc. But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Wait, the example output used codes like "Pl_capital" but the user's instruction says the classes are the main ones. Hmm, maybe the example had specific subcategories, but the user's task here might be using the main classes. Wait, looking at the user's instruction again:

The classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So the example output used codes like "Pl_capital" but maybe that's a mistake. Wait, no, the example output shows entries like ["Lisbon", "Pl_capital"], but the user's classes are Person, Organization, etc. Maybe the example is using a different classification system, but the user's task here is to use the classes as listed. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So in the example, they used "Pl_capital" which might be a mistake. But the user's current task is to use the classes as listed. However, looking at the example output, they have entries like "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital", which isn't one of the classes listed. Wait, maybe the example is using a different set of classes. But the user's instruction here says to use the classes as listed. So perhaps the example is incorrect, but the user wants me to follow the classes as given.

Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classify each of the participants listed under "Participants to classify", according to how it is used in the input.

Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", but that's not one of the classes. That might be a mistake in the example. However, the user's current task is to follow the classes as listed here. Therefore, I need to use the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

So for the input "Police officer fatally shot by colleague during argument in Maputo", the participants are "Police officer", "colleague", and "Maputo".

First, "Police officer" is a person, so Person. "Colleague" is also a person, so Person. "Maputo" is a city, which is a Location. So the classifications would be:

["Police officer", "Person"], ["colleague", "Person"], ["Maputo", "Location"]

But wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the current classes, it should be Location. So maybe the example had a different system, but the user wants the current classes. Therefore, the correct classifications here would be:

Police officer: Person

colleague: Person

Maputo: Location
</think>

[["Police officer", "Person"], ["colleague", "Person"], ["Maputo", "Location"]]