<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence from a news article, and I need to classify the participants listed. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

First, looking at the participants: "other colleagues", "the perpetrator", and "PRM spokesperson". 

Starting with "other colleagues". Colleagues are people working together, so they should be classified as Person. Even though it's "other colleagues", the term refers to people, so Person makes sense.

Next, "the perpetrator". A perpetrator is someone who commits a crime, so that's definitely a Person as well. 

Then "PRM spokesperson". A spokesperson is a person representing an organization. The PRM might stand for a specific organization, like a government agency or company. Since the title is "spokesperson" and it's part of an organization, this would be an Organization. Wait, but the class "Organization" is for the entity itself, not the role. Wait, the example given in the task had "airline Jota Aviation" as an Organization. So if PRM is an organization, then "PRM spokesperson" would be a Person, but the organization is PRM. However, the participant listed is "PRM spokesperson", which is a role held by a person. But in the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org. Hmm, maybe the PRM is the organization, and the spokesperson is a person. But the participant is "PRM spokesperson", which is a person's role. So maybe that's a Person. Wait, but in the example, "source" was classified as Per (Person), and "the same source" also as Per. So if "PRM spokesperson" is a person, then it's Person. However, if PRM is an organization, then the spokesperson is part of that organization. But the exact term here is "PRM spokesperson", which is a title, so the entity is the person holding that title. Therefore, it should be Person. But maybe the example had "Public Security Police" as Org. Wait, in the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org. So if "PRM" is an organization, then "PRM spokesperson" would be a Person, but the organization is PRM. However, the participant is "PRM spokesperson", not just "PRM". So I think in this case, "PRM spokesperson" is a Person. But I need to check the classes again. The classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So if the entity is a person's role, like spokesperson, it's still a Person. So "PRM spokesperson" would be Person. 

Wait, but maybe "PRM" is an organization, and the spokesperson is part of that organization. However, the participant is "PRM spokesperson", which is a person. So the classification would be Person. 

So the classifications would be:

["other colleagues", "Person"], ["the perpetrator", "Person"], ["PRM spokesperson", "Person"]

Wait, but maybe "PRM" is an organization. For example, if PRM stands for something like "Public Relations Manager" or an organization name. But without more context, it's hard to tell. However, in the example, "Public Security Police" was classified as Org. So if "PRM" is an organization, then "PRM spokesperson" would be a Person. But the participant is "PRM spokesperson", which is a person. So I think the answer is all three as Person. But I need to make sure. Alternatively, if "PRM" is an organization, then "PRM spokesperson" is a role within that organization, but the entity is the person, so Person. 

Yes, I think that's correct. So the output would be each of the three as Person.
</think>

[["other colleagues", "Person"], ["the perpetrator", "Person"], ["PRM spokesperson", "Person"]]