<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "The crash of a vehicle that occurred today in Arcos de Valdevez caused serious injuries to the driver, who was transported to Braga Hospital, informed the local fire commander."

First, I need to identify all entities. Let's break it down sentence by sentence.

"The crash of a vehicle..." – "vehicle" is a participant here, but maybe "crash" is an event. Wait, the crash itself is an event, but the vehicle is involved. So "vehicle" is a participant. However, the user's example included "Plane" and "engine" as participants, even though "engine" is a part of the plane. So maybe parts can be considered as participants if they are mentioned in context.

Next, "Arcos de Valdevez" is a location where the crash happened. Locations are participants if they are involved or impacted. The example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants, so I think locations are included here. So "Arcos de Valdevez" should be a participant.

Then, "caused serious injuries to the driver" – the driver is a person involved, so "driver" is a participant. The driver was transported to Braga Hospital. "Braga Hospital" is an organization, so that's a participant.

"Informed the local fire commander." – "local fire commander" is a person or role, so that's a participant. Also, "the local fire commander" is mentioned as the one informing, so that's an entity.

Now, checking for other entities. The vehicle is mentioned, but "vehicle" is a generic term. However, in the example, "plane" was included even though it's a generic term. So "vehicle" should be a participant here.

Also, "Braga Hospital" is an organization, so that's a participant. "Arcos de Valdevez" is a location. "driver" is a person. "local fire commander" is a role or person.

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In this case, "local fire commander" is the one informing, so that's a participant. Also, "the driver" is a participant. 

Are there any other entities? The text mentions "Braga Hospital" and "Arcos de Valdevez". The crash is an event, but the event itself isn't an entity. The vehicle is the entity involved in the crash.

So compiling the list:

- "vehicle" (confidence maybe 0.8)
- "Arcos de Valdevez" (location, 0.9)
- "driver" (person, 0.9)
- "Braga Hospital" (organization, 0.9)
- "local fire commander" (person/role, 0.8)

Wait, the example included "engine" as a participant. In the input, "engine failure" was a reason. Here, the crash is due to the vehicle's crash. But the vehicle is the entity. However, the example included "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So maybe parts or components can be included if they are mentioned. But in this case, the crash is of the vehicle, so the vehicle is the participant. The example had "engine" as a participant even though it's a part of the plane. So here, "vehicle" is the main entity.

Wait, the example included "the aircraft" and "the plane" as participants. So in this case, "vehicle" is the equivalent. So "vehicle" is a participant. Also, "driver" is a person involved. "Braga Hospital" is an organization. "Arcos de Valdevez" is a location. "local fire commander" is a person or role.

I need to check if "the crash" is considered an event, but the task is about participants, not events. So the crash itself isn't a participant, but the entities involved in the crash are.

So the final list would be:

["vehicle", 0.8], ["Arcos de Valdevez", 0.9], ["driver", 0.9], ["Braga Hospital", 0.9], ["local fire commander", 0.8]

Wait, but in the example, they included "the same source" as a participant. Here, "the local fire commander" is the one informing, so that's a participant. Also, "driver" is a participant. The vehicle is the one that crashed. The location is where the crash happened. The hospital is where the driver was taken. So all these are participants.

I think that's all. Let me check again. The input doesn't mention any other entities. So the answer should be those five entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["vehicle", 0.8], ["Arcos de Valdevez", 0.9], ["driver", 0.9], ["Braga Hospital", 0.9], ["local fire commander", 0.8]]