<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo? The original input had "due to engine failure", so maybe "engine" is the participant here. Hmm, but the example output includes "to engine" with confidence 0.8. Maybe the user is considering prepositional phrases as entities? Not sure, but I need to follow the example's approach.

Looking at the input: "Estrada Nacional 101 is closed to traffic due to the wreckage of the car, Filipe Guimarães told Lusa, adding that the accident involved a 'tunning' [transformed] vehicle, of which the driver, apparently, “lost control”, leaving him “polytraumatized” after the crash and hitting a pole."

First, identify all entities. The main participants here would be:

- Estrada Nacional 101 (the road closed)
- traffic (affected by the closure)
- the wreckage of the car (cause of closure)
- Filipe Guimarães (the person who reported it)
- Lusa (the news source)
- the accident (event)
- a 'tunning' vehicle (the vehicle involved)
- the driver (person involved)
- the pole (hit by the car)

Now, check the example again. In the example, they included "a Public Security Police" as a participant, which is an organization. Also, "Lusa." was included, even with a period. Maybe the user includes the source as a participant. So in this case, Lusa is a participant.

Also, "the wreckage of the car" – the car itself might be a participant. But the example included "a stopped engine" as a participant. So maybe parts of the event are considered participants. However, "wreckage of the car" is a noun phrase. Should I extract "car" as the participant, or the entire phrase? The example included "a stopped engine" as a participant, so perhaps the entire noun phrase is considered. But in the input, it's "the wreckage of the car", so maybe "the wreckage of the car" is the entity here. However, "wreckage" is the result of the accident, so maybe the car is the participant. But the example included "engine" as a participant. So perhaps any noun that's part of the event is considered. This is a bit ambiguous.

Also, "tunning" is in quotes, but the user might consider it as a type of vehicle. The vehicle is a participant. The driver is a participant. The pole is a participant as it was hit. The accident is an event, but the example included "the alert" as a participant. Wait, in the example, "the alert" was included. So events or actions can be participants. Hmm.

So, following the example, I need to list all entities that are involved or impacted. Let's go step by step.

1. "Estrada Nacional 101" – a road, so a participant. Confidence high.
2. "traffic" – affected by the closure. Participant. Confidence maybe 0.8.
3. "the wreckage of the car" – the cause of the closure. Participant. Confidence 0.9.
4. "Filipe Guimarães" – the person who reported. Participant. Confidence 0.95.
5. "Lusa" – the news source. Participant. Confidence 0.9.
6. "the accident" – the event. Participant. Confidence 0.8.
7. "a 'tunning' [transformed] vehicle" – the vehicle involved. Participant. Confidence 0.9.
8. "the driver" – person involved. Participant. Confidence 0.95.
9. "the pole" – hit by the car. Participant. Confidence 0.8.

Wait, in the example, "the same source" was included. So if the source is mentioned again, it's included. Here, "Lusa" is mentioned once, so that's one entry. Also, "Filipe Guimarães" is a person, so that's a participant. The car's wreckage is a participant. The vehicle is a participant. The pole is a participant. The accident is an event, but the example included "the alert" as a participant. So maybe events are included as participants.

But the user's definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The accident is an event, not an entity. However, the example included "the alert" as a participant. So maybe events are considered. So "the accident" would be a participant here.

Also, "tunning" is in quotes, but the user might consider the vehicle as the participant, not the term "tunning". So the vehicle is the participant.

Putting it all together, the list would be:

["Estrada Nacional 101", 0.95], ["traffic", 0.8], ["the wreckage of the car", 0.9], ["Filipe Guimarães", 0.95], ["Lusa", 0.9], ["the accident", 0.8], ["a 'tunning' [transformed] vehicle", 0.9], ["the driver", 0.95], ["the pole", 0.8]

Wait, but the example included "the same source" as a participant. In this case, "Lusa" is mentioned once, so maybe that's enough. Also, "the wreckage of the car" is a noun phrase. The example included "a stopped engine" as a participant. So maybe the entire noun phrase is considered. However, in the input, the wreckage is the result of the car, so perhaps the car is the participant. But the example included "engine" as a participant. So maybe the noun is the key. But the example had "a stopped engine" as a participant. So perhaps the entire noun phrase is considered. So "the wreckage of the car" would be the participant here.

I think that's the approach. So the final list would include all these entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Estrada Nacional 101", 0.95], ["traffic", 0.8], ["the wreckage of the car", 0.9], ["Filipe Guimarães", 0.95], ["Lusa", 0.9], ["the accident", 0.8], ["a 'tunning' [transformed] vehicle", 0.9], ["the driver", 0.95], ["the pole", 0.8]]