<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The output needs to be a JSON-parseable list with each element being a list of the entity and a confidence score between 0 and 1.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "“It should remain cut off, at least, until 4:30 pm”, said Filipe Guimarães." The main components here are the quote and the speaker. The quote is about keeping something cut off until a certain time, but the participants would be the entities involved in this statement.

Looking at the example output, they included things like "Plane", "engine", "airport", etc., even some phrases like "a Public Security Police" and "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal". So, even if an entity is a group or organization, it's included. Also, the speaker, Filipe Guimarães, is an individual and should be a participant here.

The sentence mentions "Filipe Guimarães" as the one who said the quote. That's a clear participant. The time "4:30 pm" might be considered an event time, but the task is about participants, not events. However, the example included "the same source" and "source", which are entities. But in this case, the time is just a time reference, not an entity. So maybe "4:30 pm" isn't a participant here.

The quote itself is about something being cut off, but the subject isn't explicitly mentioned. The participants would be the person making the statement (Filipe Guimarães) and possibly the entity that is being cut off. However, the input doesn't specify what is being cut off, so we can't infer that. Therefore, the only explicit participant is Filipe Guimarães.

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. In the input, the source is "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source". So in this case, the speaker is Filipe Guimarães, but is there a source mentioned? The input here doesn't mention a source, just the person speaking. So the only participant is Filipe Guimarães. However, the example included "source" as a participant, but in this input, there's no mention of a source. So maybe only Filipe Guimarães is the participant here.

But wait, the example output had "source" and "the same source" as entities. However, in the current input, the speaker is Filipe Guimarães, and there's no mention of a source. So the only participant is Filipe Guimarães. The time is not an entity, and the quote's content doesn't mention any other entities. Therefore, the correct output should be [["Filipe Guimarães", 1.0]] since he is the only participant mentioned.

But wait, the example included "the airports" as a participant. In that case, the airports were part of the event. Here, the event is a statement made by Filipe Guimarães. Unless the statement refers to an entity that's being cut off, but that's not specified. So the only participant is the speaker. Therefore, the answer should be Filipe Guimarães with high confidence.
</think>

[["Filipe Guimarães", 1.0]]