<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Guinea-Bissau PJ detains man with three kilos of cocaine at the airport". The participants to classify are ["Guinea-Bissau PJ", "man", "three kilos of cocaine", "the airport"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given in the task shows that "Plane" is classified as an Object, "airport" as a Facility, and "Lusa." as an Organization. Also, "source" is a Person. 

Starting with "Guinea-Bissau PJ". PJ usually stands for Polícia Judiciária, which is the Judicial Police in Portugal. Since Guinea-Bissau is a country, "Guinea-Bissau PJ" would be the police force there, so that's an Organization. 

Next, "man" is a person, so that's Person. 

"Three kilos of cocaine" is a quantity of a substance. Cocaine is a drug, which is a Nature class? Wait, the classes include Nature, but I need to check. The example had "engine" as Object. Maybe "three kilos of cocaine" is an Object since it's a physical item, but cocaine itself is a substance. However, the class "Nature" might refer to natural elements, but I'm not sure. The example didn't have a Nature classification. Maybe "three kilos of cocaine" is an Object because it's a tangible item. Alternatively, if "Nature" is for natural phenomena, then maybe not. But since the example classified "engine" as Object, perhaps "cocaine" is also an Object. 

Then "the airport" is a Facility, as per the example where "airport" was classified as Fac. 

Wait, in the example, "airport" was "Fac", so "the airport" here should also be Facility. 

So putting it all together:

- "Guinea-Bissau PJ" is Organization (Org)
- "man" is Person (Per)
- "three kilos of cocaine" is Object (Obj)
- "the airport" is Facility (Fac)

I need to make sure there's no other possible classifications. For example, "cocaine" could be a drug, but the classes don't have a specific category for drugs. The closest might be Object or Nature. Since the example used "engine" as Object, I'll stick with Object here. 

Double-checking the classes: Object includes physical items, so cocaine as a substance would be Object. 

Yes, that seems right.
</think>

[["Guinea-Bissau PJ", "Org"], ["man", "Per"], ["three kilos of cocaine", "Obj"], ["the airport", "Fac"]]