<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about a man being detained at an airport in Bissau. The participants to classify are "the man," "a Portuguese-Guinean citizen," "the drug," "Osvaldo Vieira international airport," and "Bissau."

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let's go through each participant one by one.

Starting with "the man." A man is a person, so that should be "Person." Next, "a Portuguese-Guinean citizen." That's also referring to a person, so again "Person." 

Then "the drug." A drug is an object, so "Object." 

"Osvaldo Vieira international airport" – airports are facilities, so "Facility." 

Lastly, "Bissau." That's a city, which is a location. But looking at the example given earlier, sometimes locations can be classified as "Pl_capital" if it's a capital city. Bissau is the capital of Guinea-Bissau, so maybe "Pl_capital." However, the example had "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital," and here "Bissau" is a city. But the class options don't have a specific "Pl_capital" in the list provided. Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Wait, the example output used "Pl_capital" as a subclass under Location? Wait, no, looking back at the example, the output had entries like ["Lisbon", "Pl_capital"], but the classes listed are "Location" as one of the main classes. Wait, maybe the example used more specific subcategories, but the user's instruction here says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps in the example, "Pl_capital" was a mistake or a typo, but according to the current task, the classes are as listed. So "Bissau" would be a Location. But in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital," which might be a specific subclass. However, the user's instruction here says to use the classes as given. Wait, the user provided the example output, but the classes listed in the task are the main categories. Wait, the example output had entries like "Pl_capital," but the classes listed in the task are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example used more specific labels, but the user is now asking to use the main classes. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the example might have used more specific labels, but the current task should follow the classes as listed. Therefore, "Bissau" is a Location. However, in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital," but that might have been an error. Wait, the example's output had:

["Lisbon", "Pl_capital"], ["Lisbon", "Pl_capital"], etc. But according to the classes given, "Location" is a class. So perhaps the example used more specific subcategories, but the user is now asking to use the main classes. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, "Bissau" should be "Location."

Wait, but the example's output had "Fac" for "airport" and "Fac" for "the airports," which aligns with the class "Facility." So "Osvaldo Vieira international airport" is a Facility. "Bissau" is a city, which is a Location. So the classifications would be:

- "the man" → Person
- "a Portuguese-Guinean citizen" → Person
- "the drug" → Object
- "Osvaldo Vieira international airport" → Facility
- "Bissau" → Location

I need to make sure there's no confusion here. The example had "airport" classified as "Fac," which is correct. So "Osvaldo Vieira international airport" is a Facility. "Bissau" is a Location. The other entities are Person and Object. That seems right.
</think>

[["the man", "Person"], ["a Portuguese-Guinean citizen", "Person"], ["the drug", "Object"], ["Osvaldo Vieira international airport", "Facility"], ["Bissau", "Location"]]