<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they belong to based on the input text. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let me start by reading the input again carefully.

The input is: "Um homem de 75 anos foi hoje encontrado morto, em casa, com marcas de ter sido amarrado nos pés e nas mãos, na localidade de Fervença, freguesia de Maiorga, no concelho de Alcobaça, informou a GNR."

Participants to classify are:
["Um homem de 75 anos", "Fervença", "Maiorga", "Alcobaça", "a GNR"]

Starting with "Um homem de 75 anos". This clearly refers to a person, so that's "Person".

Next, "Fervença". The text mentions "na localidade de Fervença", which means "in the locality of Fervença". Localidade is a type of location, so this should be "Location".

Then "Maiorga" is mentioned as "freguesia de Maiorga". Freguesia is a civil parish in Portugal, which is a type of administrative division, so that's a "Location" as well.

"Alcobaça" is "no concelho de Alcobaça". Concelho is a municipality, another administrative division, so again "Location".

Lastly, "a GNR". GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is a Portuguese national police force. That's an organization, so "Organization".

Wait, but I need to check if any of these might be classified differently. For example, "em casa" was mentioned, but "casa" isn't in the participants list. The participants are only the ones listed. So the classifications should be:

- "Um homem de 75 anos": Person
- "Fervença": Location
- "Maiorga": Location
- "Alcobaça": Location
- "a GNR": Organization

I think that's all. Let me double-check each one again to make sure I didn't miss anything. The input doesn't mention any objects, facilities, or other entities beyond these. The GNR is definitely an organization. The locations are all administrative areas. The person is clear. Looks good.
</think>

[["Um homem de 75 anos", "Per"], ["Fervença", "Loc"], ["Maiorga", "Loc"], ["Alcobaça", "Loc"], ["a GNR", "Org"]]