<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is about an alert for a missing elderly woman who lives with a relative. The alert was given at 17:00 on Monday, and the GNR's UEPS unit searched for her during the night.

The participants to classify are: "idosa", "um familiar", "elementos da Unidade de Emergência de Proteção e Socorro (UEPS) da GNR", "GNR", "UEPS".

Starting with "idosa" – that's a female elderly person. According to the classes, "Per" is for human individuals or characters. So "idosa" should be "Per" with high confidence.

Next, "um familiar" – this refers to a relative, which is a human individual. So again, "Per" with high confidence.

Then, "elementos da Unidade de Emergência de Proteção e Socorro (UEPS) da GNR". The term "elementos" here refers to members or personnel of the UEPS unit. Since UEPS is part of the GNR (Guarda Nacional Republicana, a Portuguese police force), these are people working in an organization. But the classification for "Org" is organizations, so the unit itself would be an organization. However, the phrase "elementos da UEPS" refers to the people in the unit, so that's "Per". Wait, but the example in the task shows that "fonte" (source) was classified as "Per", which is a person. So if "elementos" are people, then "Per" is correct. But I need to check if the entire phrase is considered as the organization or the people. The phrase is "elementos da UEPS da GNR", which translates to "elements of the UEPS of the GNR". Since "elementos" are the people, this would be "Per". But maybe the UEPS itself is an organization. However, the participant is the people involved, so "Per".

Then "GNR" – this is the Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is a government organization. So "Org" with high confidence.

"UEPS" is the Unidade de Emergência de Proteção e Socorro, which is a unit within the GNR. Since it's a unit, it's part of an organization, so "Org" again. But wait, the example had "A EDP" as an organization. So UEPS would be an organization as well. However, if the participant is the unit itself, then "Org". But in the input, the participants are "elementos da UEPS da GNR", which are the people, so "Per". However, the participant list includes "UEPS" as a separate entity. So "UEPS" is the name of the unit, which is an organization. Therefore, "UEPS" should be "Org".

So putting it all together:

- "idosa" → Per
- "um familiar" → Per
- "elementos da Unidade de Emergência de Proteção e Socorro (UEPS) da GNR" → Per (since they are people)
- "GNR" → Org
- "UEPS" → Org

Confidences: All are high except maybe "elementos da UEPS da GNR" if there's ambiguity. But since the term "elementos" refers to people, it's safe to go with Per. The confidence for each should be around 0.9 or 1.0.
</think>

<Output>[["idosa", "Per", 0.95], ["um familiar", "Per", 0.9], ["elementos da Unidade de Emergência de Proteção e Socorro (UEPS) da GNR", "Per", 0.95], ["GNR", "Org", 0.98], ["UEPS", "Org", 0.95]]</Output>