<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "As buscas foram retomadas esta manhã, envolveram elementos da GNR e dos bombeiros, e a mulher foi encontrada pelas 15:40."

Breaking it down:

- "As buscas" – "buscas" is the main action, but "as" is an article. However, the example included "Avião" and "o motor" as entities. Here, "buscas" might be a process, but maybe not a participant. Wait, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The search itself is an action, not an entity. So maybe "buscas" isn't a participant here. But the example included "a aeronave" as a participant. So perhaps "buscas" is not an entity but an action.

Next, "elementos da GNR e dos bombeiros" – "GNR" is a Portuguese police force, and "bombeiros" are firefighters. These are organizations. So "GNR" and "bombeiros" are participants. The article "da" and "dos" are prepositions, so the actual entities are "GNR" and "bombeiros".

Then, "a mulher" – clearly a person, so a participant. The time "pelas 15:40" is a time, not an entity. 

Looking at the example output, they included "fonte", "a mesma fonte", etc., even if they refer to the same entity. So in this case, "elementos da GNR" and "elementos dos bombeiros" would be participants. But the example had "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" as separate entries. So even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles or forms, each is listed separately.

So the participants here are:

- "elementos da GNR" – but maybe just "GNR" as the organization. Wait, the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. So in this case, "elementos da GNR" refers to members of GNR, but the entity is GNR itself. However, the example included "elementos da GNR" as a participant? Wait, looking back at the example input, the output had "elementos da GNR" as a participant? Wait no, in the example input, the output included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "fonte", "a mesma fonte", "a Polícia de Segurança Pública", etc. So the actual entity is the organization, not the elements of it. Wait, but in the example, the input had "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte", which were both included as participants. So maybe when the text mentions "elementos da GNR", the participant is "GNR" as the organization. However, the example included "elementos da GNR" as a participant? Wait, no. The example input's output included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. The input had "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte", which were both listed. So perhaps the actual entity is the organization, even if it's referred to as "elementos da GNR" (elements of GNR). But in that case, the entity would be GNR. However, the example included "elementos da GNR" as a participant? Wait, no. Let me check the example again.

Wait, the example input's output had entries like "a Polícia de Segurança Pública", "fonte", "a mesma fonte", etc. So in the example, the actual entity is the organization, not the elements. So in the current input, "elementos da GNR" refers to members of GNR, but the participant is GNR itself. However, the example included "elementos da GNR" as a participant? Wait, no. The example input's output didn't have "elementos da GNR" as a participant. Wait, the example input's output had "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. The input had "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte", which were both included. So the entity is the organization, not the elements. Therefore, in the current input, "elementos da GNR" would refer to the GNR organization. But maybe the correct approach is to extract the actual organization names, even if they are mentioned as elements of it. Alternatively, maybe "elementos da GNR" is considered a participant as a group. But the example didn't have that. Hmm.

Alternatively, perhaps the participants are the groups involved, so "GNR" and "bombeiros" as organizations. The example included "companhia aérea Jota Aviation" as a participant. So in this case, "elementos da GNR" would be part of GNR, but the main participant is GNR. However, the example included "elementos da GNR" as a participant? Wait, no. Let me check the example again. The example input had "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte", which were both listed as participants. So the entity is the source (fonte) and the police force. So in the current input, "elementos da GNR" would be the GNR as an organization. But maybe the correct approach is to extract the actual names of the organizations, even if they are mentioned as elements of them. So "GNR" and "bombeiros" as participants. Also, "a mulher" is a participant. 

So the participants would be:

- "GNR" (confidence high)
- "bombeiros" (confidence high)
- "a mulher" (confidence high)

But the example included "elementos da GNR" as a participant? Wait, no. Let me check the example again. The example output had entries like "a Polícia de Segurança Pública", "fonte", "a mesma fonte", etc. So the actual entities are the organizations and the sources. So in the current input, the participants are "GNR", "bombeiros", and "a mulher". 

But the input says "envolveram elementos da GNR e dos bombeiros". So the elements (members) of GNR and bombeiros. However, the example included "elementos da GNR" as a participant? Wait, no. The example input's output had "elementos da GNR" as a participant? No, the example input's output had "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. The input had "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte", which were both included. So the entity is the organization, not the elements. Therefore, in the current input, the participants are GNR and bombeiros as organizations, and the woman. 

But the input says "elementos da GNR e dos bombeiros" – "elementos" here refers to members or personnel. However, the example included "elementos da GNR" as a participant? No, the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as the entity. So perhaps in this case, the participants are the organizations themselves, not the elements. Therefore, "GNR" and "bombeiros" as participants. 

But the example included "elementos da GNR" as a participant? Wait, no. Let me check again. The example input's output had "elementos da GNR" as a participant? No, the example input's output included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. The input had "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte", which were both included. So the entity is the organization. Therefore, in the current input, the participants are GNR, bombeiros, and the woman. 

So the JSON output would be:

[
  ["GNR", 0.9],
  ["bombeiros", 0.9],
  ["a mulher", 0.9]
]

But wait, the example included "elementos da GNR" as a participant? No, in the example input, the output had entries like "a Polícia de Segurança Pública", not "elementos da GNR". So the correct approach is to extract the actual organization names, not the elements of them. Therefore, the answer is the three entities mentioned above. However, the example included "elementos da GNR" as a participant? No, the example didn't. The example had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants, which are the same entity. So in this case, "elementos da GNR" refers to the members of GNR, but the actual participant is GNR. Therefore, the correct entities are GNR, bombeiros, and a mulher. 

But maybe the user expects "elementos da GNR" to be considered as a participant. However, the example didn't do that. The example had "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant, not "elementos da Polícia de Segurança Pública". Therefore, the correct approach is to extract the organizations and the woman. 

Another thing to consider: the example included "aeroporto" and "os aeroportos" as participants. So even if it's a general term, it's included. But in this case, "buscas" is an action, not an entity. So the answer should be the three entities mentioned.
</think>

[["GNR", 0.9], ["bombeiros", 0.9], ["a mulher", 0.9]]