<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. So I need to look for all such entities mentioned.

First, the input is: "A 28-year-old man, with a criminal record for drug trafficking, was left with an electronic bracelet today for insulting, threatening and persecuting his ex-partner, in Vila Nova de Gaia, said the GNR."

Breaking it down. The main event is a man being given an electronic bracelet for his actions towards his ex-partner. The participants would be the man, his ex-partner, the GNR (which is a police force), and maybe the location Vila Nova de Gaia. 

Looking at the example output, they included things like "Plane", "engine", "airport", etc., even if they were parts of phrases. So I should check for all possible entities. 

The man is definitely a participant. His ex-partner is another person involved. The GNR is the organization that reported the incident. The location Vila Nova de Gaia is a place where the event happened, so that's a participant. 

Wait, the example included "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities. So even phrases that are parts of the sentence might be considered. But in this case, "insulting, threatening and persecuting" are actions, not entities. The electronic bracelet is an object, but the example didn't include objects unless they were part of the entity. 

Wait, in the example, "engine" was included as an entity. So maybe any noun phrase that's a participant. Let me check the example again. The example output had "engine", "a stopped engine", etc. So even if it's a noun phrase, even if it's a part of a larger phrase. 

So in the current input, the man is a participant. His ex-partner is another. The GNR is the organization. The location Vila Nova de Gaia is a place. Also, the electronic bracelet is an object, but the example didn't include objects unless they were part of the entity. Wait, in the example, "the aircraft" was included. So maybe objects that are part of the event. But the electronic bracelet is a device given to the man, so maybe it's a participant? Or is it considered an object rather than an entity? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The bracelet is an object used, but not an entity. So maybe not. 

So the main participants are the man, his ex-partner, GNR, and the location. 

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So in the input, "said the GNR" – GNR is the source here. So "GNR" is an organization, so that's a participant. 

So the entities would be:

- "A 28-year-old man" – but the example used "Plane" and "A plane" as separate entries. So maybe the noun phrases. However, the example included "the same source" as an entity. So in this case, "the GNR" is the source. So "GNR" and "the GNR" as separate entries? Or just "GNR"?

Wait, the example had "a Public Security Police" and "the same source". So the exact phrases as they appear in the text. So here, "the GNR" is the entity. So I should extract "the GNR" as a participant. Also, "GNR" without the article? The example had "a Public Security Police" and "the same source". So the exact phrases. 

So in the input, "said the GNR" – "the GNR" is the entity. Also, the man is "A 28-year-old man", but maybe the example would have "A 28-year-old man" as an entity. However, in the example, they included "A plane" and "The plane" as separate entries. So in this case, "A 28-year-old man" and "his ex-partner" would be separate entities. 

So the list would be:

["A 28-year-old man", 0.9], ["his ex-partner", 0.8], ["the GNR", 0.9], ["Vila Nova de Gaia", 0.8]. 

Wait, but the example included "Lisbon" as an entity. So locations are included. Also, the example had "airport" as a participant. So in this case, "Vila Nova de Gaia" is a location, so it's a participant. 

But the example had "the airports" as an entity. So even plural forms. 

So the answer would be:

[
  ["A 28-year-old man", 0.9],
  ["his ex-partner", 0.8],
  ["the GNR", 0.9],
  ["Vila Nova de Gaia", 0.8]
]

But wait, the example also included "source" and "the same source" as entities. In the input, the GNR is the source, so "the GNR" is the source. So that's included. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The man is the main participant, his ex-partner is the victim, GNR is the organization reporting, and the location. I don't see any other entities. The criminal record for drug trafficking is a detail about the man, not a separate entity. The electronic bracelet is an object, not an entity. So the four entities listed above.
</think>

[["A 28-year-old man", 0.9], ["his ex-partner", 0.8], ["the GNR", 0.9], ["Vila Nova de Gaia", 0.8]]