<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example they provided includes entities like "Plane," "engine," "Lisbon," etc., with confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input here is: "As part of an investigation into domestic violence, the GNR military found that the suspect insulted, threatened and persecuted the 30-year-old victim, he stressed."

Breaking it down, the main event is an investigation into domestic violence by the GNR military. The participants here would be the GNR military, the suspect, the victim, and possibly the person who stressed (maybe the GNR military again, but the text says "he stressed," which might refer to the GNR military member or another entity).

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "GNR military" as a participant. The suspect and the victim are clearly involved. The "30-year-old victim" is a person, so that's a participant. The "GNR military" is an organization. The "he" might refer to a person, but since it's not explicitly named, maybe we shouldn't include it unless we can infer. However, the example included "source" and "the same source" even if they weren't named. Wait, in the example, "source" was used as an entity. So maybe "he" here could be considered as a participant, but since it's not named, the confidence might be lower. Alternatively, maybe "he" refers to the GNR military, so we can include "GNR military" again with a confidence score. But the example didn't repeat entities, so maybe we should avoid that.

Wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was listed multiple times, but each instance was given as separate entries. However, in the output, they included "Lisbon" multiple times. So maybe even if the same entity is mentioned multiple times, each occurrence is a separate entry. But the user might want unique entities. Wait, the example output has "Lisbon" listed multiple times. For example, in the input, "Lisbon" is mentioned in "Humberto Delgado Airport, in Lisbon" and "Lisbon" again. So the output includes "Lisbon" multiple times. But maybe that's just the way the example is structured. However, in the current task, the user might expect unique entities. But the example shows duplicates, so perhaps we should include each mention as a separate entity even if it's the same name.

But in the current input, "he stressed" – the "he" is a pronoun. Since the subject is the GNR military, maybe "he" refers to a member of the GNR military. However, without a name, it's hard to be certain. The example included "source" and "the same source" as entities, even though "source" is a role. So perhaps in this case, "he" could be considered as a participant, but since it's a pronoun and not a named entity, the confidence would be lower. Alternatively, maybe "GNR military" is the only organization, the suspect, the victim, and the person who stressed (if that's a separate entity). But without a name, it's hard to include "he" as a participant. The example included "source" as an entity, which is a role, so maybe "he" could be considered as a participant with a lower confidence. However, the user might prefer to only include explicitly named entities. 

So, the main participants here are:

- GNR military (organization)
- suspect (individual)
- 30-year-old victim (individual)
- he (possibly a person, but not named, so maybe not included unless we can infer)
- the investigation (event, but not an entity)
- domestic violence (event, not an entity)

In the example, "engine" was included as an entity. So maybe parts of the sentence that are objects or subjects, even if they are not people or organizations. Wait, in the example, "to engine" and "engine" were included. But in the current input, "domestic violence" is the reason for the investigation. However, the task says participants are those involved or impacted. So the GNR military is involved, the suspect and victim are impacted. The "investigation" is an event, not a participant. The "domestic violence" is the reason, but not a participant. 

So the entities would be:

- GNR military (organization)
- suspect (individual)
- 30-year-old victim (individual)
- he (if referring to a person, but since it's a pronoun, maybe not included unless we can infer it's the GNR military member, but that's a stretch. The example included "source" as an entity, which is a role, so maybe "he" is a participant with a lower confidence.)

But the example didn't include pronouns unless they were part of a role. For instance, "source" was included. In the current input, "he stressed" – "he" might be the GNR military member, but since it's not named, maybe we can't be sure. Alternatively, "he" could be the suspect or the victim, but that's less likely. 

Alternatively, maybe "he" is the GNR military, so we can include "GNR military" again. But the example didn't repeat entities. However, the example had "Lisbon" multiple times. So perhaps each mention is a separate entry. 

So, the entities would be:

["GNR military", 0.9], ["suspect", 0.8], ["30-year-old victim", 0.8], ["he", 0.5]. But the user might not want pronouns unless they are clearly referring to a named entity. The example included "source" as an entity, which is a role. So maybe "he" is a participant here, but with lower confidence. However, the user's example included "source" as an entity, which is a role, so maybe "he" is acceptable. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "he" is not a participant but a pronoun referring to the GNR military, so we can include "GNR military" again. But that might be redundant. 

Alternatively, maybe the "he" is the GNR military, so we can include "GNR military" again with a confidence. But the example didn't repeat entities. Hmm. 

Alternatively, maybe "he" is not a participant but a pronoun, so we shouldn't include it. The example included "source" as an entity, which is a role, so maybe "he" is not a participant. 

So, the main participants are GNR military, suspect, and 30-year-old victim. The "he" might not be a participant. 

So the final list would be:

["GNR military", 0.9], ["suspect", 0.8], ["30-year-old victim", 0.8]. 

But I need to check the example again. In the example, "engine" was included as an entity. So maybe even objects like "engine" are considered participants. In the current input, "domestic violence" is the reason, but not an entity. The "investigation" is an event, not a participant. 

So the answer would be the three entities mentioned above. The confidence scores are based on how certain I am. GNR military is clearly an organization, so 0.9. Suspect and victim are individuals, so 0.8 each. The "he" is a pronoun, but without a name, it's unclear, so maybe not included. 

So the JSON array would be:

[["GNR military", 0.9], ["suspect", 0.8], ["30-year-old victim", 0.8]]
</think>

[["GNR military", 0.9], ["suspect", 0.8], ["30-year-old victim", 0.8]]