<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo or an error in the example. Hmm, but I need to follow the example's structure.

The input here is: "The suspect was named a defendant and the facts were referred to the Covilhã Judicial Court."

First, I need to identify all entities that are participants. Let's break down the sentence.

"The suspect" – that's an individual, so definitely a participant. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

"a defendant" – this is a role, but the actual participant is "the suspect" who is the defendant. However, in the example, they included "a stopped engine" as an entity. Wait, maybe in the example, "engine" was part of the entity. But here, "defendant" is a role, not an entity. So maybe "the suspect" is the participant, and "defendant" is their role. But the example included "engine" as an entity. Hmm, perhaps the example had "engine" as part of the entity, like "a stopped engine" as an entity. So in this case, "defendant" might not be an entity but a role. So maybe only "the suspect" is the participant here.

Then "the facts" – facts are not an entity, but the court is. "Covilhã Judicial Court" is an organization or entity, so that's a participant. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.9.

Also, "the facts were referred to the Covilhã Judicial Court." So the court is the entity being referred to. So "Covilhã Judicial Court" is a participant.

Are there any other entities? The sentence mentions "the suspect" and "the Covilhã Judicial Court." The word "the facts" is a concept, not an entity. "Defendant" is a role, not an entity. So the participants are "the suspect" and "Covilhã Judicial Court."

Wait, but in the example, they included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So maybe "the suspect" and "the Covilhã Judicial Court" are the participants here. Let me check again.

Yes, "the suspect" is an individual involved, and "Covilhã Judicial Court" is an organization involved. So the output should be those two entities with their confidence scores. I need to make sure not to include roles or abstract concepts. So the answer would be:

[["the suspect", 0.95], ["Covilhã Judicial Court", 0.9]]

But wait, the example included "source" as an entity. In the input, "a Public Security Police source" was mentioned. So "source" was included. Here, the sentence doesn't mention any source, so maybe that's not needed. So only the two entities.
</think>

[["the suspect", 0.95], ["Covilhã Judicial Court", 0.9]]