<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is a sentence in Portuguese: "Os corpos das vítimas foram encontrados por um grupo de trabalhadores agrícolas numa estrada do município de Tangamandapio, informou o Ministério Público local, num comunicado." The participants to classify are "vítimas", "um grupo de trabalhadores agrícolas", "município de Tangamandapio", and "Ministério Público local".

Starting with "vítimas". The term "vítimas" translates to "victims" in English. In the context of the sentence, they are the ones whose bodies were found. Victims are human individuals, so according to the classes, this should be "Per" (Persons). Confidence is high here, maybe 0.95.

Next, "um grupo de trabalhadores agrícolas" which is "a group of agricultural workers". This is a group of people, so again, "Per" since they are human individuals. The confidence is also high, around 0.95.

Then, "município de Tangamandapio". "Município" means municipality, which is a political or administrative area, typically a city or town. According to the classes, this would fall under "Pl_civil" (a political region or administrative area, usually sub-national). Confidence here is about 0.9 because it's a specific administrative division.

Lastly, "Ministério Público local" translates to "local Public Ministry", which is a government organization, specifically a legal or judicial body. This should be classified as "Org" (Organizations). Confidence is high, around 0.95.

I need to make sure there are no other possible classifications. For example, "município" could be a place, but since it's an administrative area, "Pl_civil" is correct. The "Ministério Público" is definitely an organization. The workers are people, so "Per" is right. The victims are also people. All classifications seem solid. Let me check the example again to ensure consistency. The example had "A EDP" as Org, which is a company. Similarly, "Ministério Público" is an organization. Yes, that's correct. The output should be a JSON list with each entity and its class and confidence.
</think>

<Output>[["vítimas", "Per", 0.95], ["um grupo de trabalhadores agrícolas", "Per", 0.95], ["município de Tangamandapio", "Pl_civil", 0.9], ["Ministério Público local", "Org", 0.95]]</Output>