<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about a firefighter in Vizela being rescued by a team. The participants to classify are: "commander Júlio Pereira", "the victim", "a firefighter", "Vizela", and "the corporation's wide-angle team".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" for locations, but maybe those are specific subcategories. Wait, the original classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. But in the example, they used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" which might be part of the Location class. Hmm, maybe the user expects more specific subcategories under Location, like capital cities or civil places. But the instruction says to use the main classes. Wait, looking back at the example output, they used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" as part of the class. Wait, the example output had entries like ["Lisbon", "Pl_capital"], which might be a mistake. Wait, the original classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example, they used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" as part of the class. That's conflicting. Wait, maybe the user made a mistake in the example, but the actual instruction says to use the classes as listed. Let me check the original task again.

The user provided classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example output used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" which might be a typo or misunderstanding. But the user might have intended to use those as part of the Location class. However, since the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, perhaps the example is incorrect. But since the user provided that example, maybe they expect similar subcategories. Wait, the example output had entries like ["Lisbon", "Pl_capital"], which might be a way to denote that Lisbon is a capital city. But according to the original classes, Location is a main class, and "Pl_capital" isn't listed. This is confusing. However, the user's example output uses those, so maybe I should follow that. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Maybe the example is incorrect, but I need to follow the user's example. Alternatively, perhaps "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" are part of the Location class. Let me proceed with the example's approach, even if it's conflicting with the original classes. Wait, the user's example output includes "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" as the second element in the list. So maybe those are subcategories under Location. But the original classes don't have those. This is a bit confusing. However, the user's example uses those, so perhaps I should follow that. Let me check the example again.

In the example, the input mentions "Humberto Delgado Airport" which is classified as "Fac" (Facility), and "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital". So maybe "Pl_capital" is a subcategory of Location. But the original classes only list Location as a main class. However, the user's example uses "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" as the class. Therefore, perhaps the user expects those as part of the classification. Therefore, I need to use those subcategories even though they aren't in the original list. Maybe the user made a mistake in the classes, but the example uses them. Therefore, I should follow the example's approach.

Now, back to the current input. The participants to classify are:

1. "commander Júlio Pereira" – this is a person's name, so likely "Person".
2. "the victim" – a person, so "Person".
3. "a firefighter" – a role, which is a person, so "Person".
4. "Vizela" – a location, possibly a city. If it's a city, maybe "Pl_civil" or "Location".
5. "the corporation's wide-angle team" – this sounds like an organization or a team within an organization, so "Organization".

But according to the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is a subcategory of Location. However, in the original classes, the user listed "Location" as a main class. But the example uses "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" as the class. Therefore, perhaps the user intended to have more specific subcategories. However, the original instruction says to use the classes as listed: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Therefore, maybe the example is incorrect, and I should use the main classes. But the example uses "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil", which are not in the original list. This is conflicting. However, the user's example output includes those, so perhaps I should follow that. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. This is a problem. Let me check the original task again.

The user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" as the class. This is a contradiction. Therefore, perhaps the user made a mistake in the example, and the correct classes are the ones listed. Therefore, in this case, I should use the main classes. However, the example output uses "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil", which are not in the original classes. Therefore, this is confusing. But since the user provided that example, maybe I should follow it. Alternatively, maybe "Pl_capital" is a typo for "Location" and "Pl_civil" is also "Location". But that's not clear.

Alternatively, perhaps the user intended to have "Pl_capital" as a subcategory of Location. But the instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, I should use the main classes. So, for "Vizela", which is a city, the class would be "Location". For "the corporation's wide-angle team", it's an organization. "commander Júlio Pereira" is a person. "the victim" is a person. "a firefighter" is a person. Therefore, the classifications would be:

["commander Júlio Pereira", "Person"], ["the victim", "Person"], ["a firefighter", "Person"], ["Vizela", "Location"], ["the corporation's wide-angle team", "Organization"]

But the example used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" as classes, which are not in the original list. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, I should follow the original classes. Therefore, "Vizela" is a Location. The example might have been incorrect, but the user's instruction is clear. Therefore, proceed with the main classes.
</think>

[["commander Júlio Pereira", "Person"], ["the victim", "Person"], ["a firefighter", "Person"], ["Vizela", "Location"], ["the corporation's wide-angle team", "Organization"]]