<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they belong to based on the input text.

Starting with "The Portuguese Prime Minister". That's a person, obviously. The title refers to an individual, so that's "Person".

Next is "Paris". Paris is a city, which is a location. So that should be "Location".

"The French President" is another person, similar to the first one. Even though it's a title, it refers to an individual, so "Person".

"Emmanuel Macron" is the name of a person, specifically the French President. So that's also "Person".

Lastly, "the new coronavirus". A virus is an object, but wait, sometimes diseases or viruses might be classified as "Nature" if they're natural entities. However, in the example provided earlier, "engine" was classified as "Obj" (Object). The coronavirus is a biological entity, so maybe "Nature" is more appropriate here. But I need to check the classes again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Since the coronavirus is a virus, which is a natural entity, "Nature" might be correct. However, in the example, "engine" was "Obj", so maybe "Object" is more general. Hmm, but "Nature" is a separate class. Let me think. The example had "engine" as "Obj", but "coronavirus" is a biological entity, which could be "Nature". Alternatively, maybe "Object" is used for man-made things, and "Nature" for natural things. But the classification might not be that strict. The example didn't have a virus, so I need to decide based on the given classes. Since the coronavirus is a specific entity, maybe "Object" is acceptable here. Wait, but in the example, "engine" was "Obj", and "coronavirus" is a type of virus, which is a natural object. Maybe "Nature" is the right class here. However, I'm not entirely sure. Let me check the example again. The example had "engine" as "Obj", so perhaps "Object" is used for any physical entity, regardless of being natural or man-made. So "the new coronavirus" would be "Object". Alternatively, if "Nature" is for natural phenomena, then it's "Nature". But without more examples, it's a bit ambiguous. However, given that "engine" is "Obj", I'll go with "Object" for "the new coronavirus".
</think>

[["The Portuguese Prime Minister", "Person"], ["Paris", "Location"], ["The French President", "Person"], ["Emmanuel Macron", "Person"], ["the new coronavirus", "Object"]]