<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence from a news article, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, I'll look at each participant one by one.

Starting with "Lusa agency". From the example provided earlier, "Lusa." was classified as an Organization. Since "Lusa agency" is likely referring to the same entity, just with "agency" added, it should also be an Organization. So that's Org.

Next, "São Tomé and Príncipe". These are names of countries. In the example, "England" was classified as Pl_country. Since São Tomé and Príncipe is a country, it should be Pl_country. Wait, but the class options here don't have Pl_country. Wait, looking back at the classes: the example had "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", "Pl_country" as subtypes under Location? Wait, the original classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example output, they used codes like "Pl_capital" which might be a typo or a specific encoding. Wait, the user's example output shows "Pl_capital" as a class, but the original instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Hmm, maybe the example is using a different classification system. Wait, looking back at the example given:

In the example output, for instance, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which seems to be a specific type under Location. But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example is using more detailed subcategories, but the user's current task might have different classes. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example output, they have entries like "Pl_capital", which isn't in the list. That's confusing. Wait, maybe the example was from a different version of the task. Wait, the user provided an example where the output had entries like "Pl_capital", but the current task's classes are as listed. So perhaps the user made a mistake in the example, but the current task should follow the classes as given. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the possible classes are those seven. However, in the example output, they have codes like "Pl_capital", which might be a mistake. But the user's current task might not require those subcategories. Wait, but the user's example output includes "Pl_capital" as a class, but the current instruction says to use the classes listed. This is conflicting. Wait, maybe the example was from a previous version where they used more specific categories, but the current task uses the seven main classes. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. So perhaps the example was incorrect, and the current task should follow the seven main classes. But the user provided the example output with those codes. Hmm, this is a bit confusing. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classify each of the participants listed under "Participants to classify", according to how it is used in the input.

Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the classes are those seven. However, in the example output, they have entries like "Pl_capital", which is not one of the seven. That's a contradiction. Maybe the example is wrong, or perhaps the user intended to have more specific categories. But given that the user's instruction says to use the seven classes, I should follow that. However, the example output shows that "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is not in the seven classes. This is confusing. Wait, maybe the example is using a different classification system where "Pl_capital" is a subcategory of Location. But the user's instruction says to use the seven main classes. Therefore, perhaps the example is incorrect, and the correct approach is to use the seven classes as listed. 

But the user's example output includes "Pl_capital" as a class. However, the user's instruction says to use the seven classes. This is conflicting. Maybe the example is outdated. To resolve this, I need to check the user's instruction again. The user says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the seven classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. Therefore, the example output might have used a different encoding, but the current task should follow the seven classes. However, the example output includes "Pl_capital" which is not in the seven. This is a problem. But perhaps the user made a mistake in the example, and the current task should follow the seven classes. Alternatively, maybe the example is correct, and the user intended to have more specific categories. But the user's instruction is clear. So I need to proceed with the seven classes.

Now, back to the participants:

"Lusa agency" – this is an organization, so Org.

"São Tomé and Príncipe" – this is a country, so Location.

"Guinea Bissau" – also a country, so Location.

"the prime minister" – a person, so Person.

So the classifications would be:

["Lusa agency", "Organization"], ["São Tomé and Príncipe", "Location"], ["Guinea Bissau", "Location"], ["the prime minister", "Person"]

But wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is not in the seven classes. But according to the user's instruction, it should be Location. So maybe "Lisbon" is a Location. Therefore, in this case, "São Tomé and Príncipe" and "Guinea Bissau" are both countries, so Location. "the prime minister" is a Person. "Lusa agency" is an Organization.

So the final output should be:

[["Lusa agency", "Organization"], ["São Tomé and Príncipe", "Location"], ["Guinea Bissau", "Location"], ["the prime minister", "Person"]]

But I need to make sure that "Lusa agency" is indeed an Organization. Since "Lusa" is a news agency, adding "agency" makes it clear it's an organization. So that's correct. The other entries are straightforward.
</think>

[["Lusa agency", "Organization"], ["São Tomé and Príncipe", "Location"], ["Guinea Bissau", "Location"], ["the prime minister", "Person"]]