<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "He maintains all executive activity and his work agenda, which he will carry out remotely." The participants to classify are ["He", "executive activity", "his work agenda", "he"].

First, I need to determine the class for each entity. The classes available are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "He" – this is a pronoun referring to a person. Since the sentence mentions "he" performing actions like maintaining and carrying out tasks, it's likely referring to a person. So "He" and "he" should be classified as Person.

Next, "executive activity" – this seems like an abstract concept or a type of work. It's not a physical object, location, or organization. The class "Other" might be appropriate here, but I need to check if any other class fits better. Since it's an activity, maybe "Object" could be considered, but "Other" might be more accurate as it's not a tangible entity.

Then "his work agenda" – similar to "executive activity," this is a collection of tasks or plans. It's not a physical thing, so again, "Other" seems right. However, sometimes "agenda" could be considered an object, but in this context, it's more of an abstract concept.

Wait, the example given in the task had "engine" classified as Object. So maybe activities or agendas could be considered Objects if they are tangible in some way. But "executive activity" and "work agenda" are more abstract. The example also had "airport" as Facility, which is a physical place. So maybe "executive activity" and "work agenda" are better classified under "Other" since they don't fit into the other categories.

So the classifications would be:
- "He" → Person
- "executive activity" → Other
- "his work agenda" → Other
- "he" → Person

I need to make sure there's no overlap or misclassification. Let me double-check. "Person" is for people, "Organization" for groups, "Object" for physical items, "Location" for places, "Nature" for natural elements, "Facility" for buildings, etc. "Executive activity" and "work agenda" don't fit into these, so "Other" is correct.
</think>

[["He", "Per"], ["executive activity", "Other"], ["his work agenda", "Other"], ["he", "Per"]]