<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant and determine which class they belong to based on the input text.

Starting with "the corpse of a man". The corpse is a body, so that's an object. The man is a person, but since it's referred to as a corpse, maybe it's still considered an object? Or maybe "man" is a person. Wait, the phrase is "the corpse of a man", so the main entity here is the corpse, which is an object. So I'll classify that as Object.

Next, "Maritime Police". That sounds like an organization. The Maritime Police is a law enforcement agency, so Organization makes sense.

"The commander of the Porto captaincy" – a commander is a person, so that's Person. Even though it's a title, the entity here refers to an individual.

"Lusa" is mentioned as the source, like in the example. In the example, Lusa was classified as an Organization. So here, Lusa is likely a news agency, so Organization again.

"Douro River" is a river, which is a natural feature. The classes include Nature, so that should be Nature.

"Vila Nova de Gaia" is a city or a location. Since the classes have Location, that's probably Location. Wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as Pl_capital, but here the class options are just Location. Wait, looking back at the classes: the user specified classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Vila Nova de Gaia" is a city, which is a Location. So that's Location.

Let me double-check each one again. "the corpse of a man" – Object. "Maritime Police" – Organization. "the commander of the Porto captaincy" – Person. "Lusa" – Organization. "Douro River" – Nature. "Vila Nova de Gaia" – Location. That seems right. I don't see any other possible classifications here. The "Porto captaincy" might be a Facility, but the participant listed is "the commander of the Porto captaincy", which refers to the person, not the facility itself. So that's Person. Okay, I think that's all.
</think>

[["the corpse of a man", "Obj"], ["Maritime Police", "Org"], ["the commander of the Porto captaincy", "Per"], ["Lusa", "Org"], ["Douro River", "Nat"], ["Vila Nova de Gaia", "Loc"]]