<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence about the GNR (which I think is a police force in Portugal) making a statement about an arrest during a road inspection. They seized heroin and cocaine from a vehicle.

The participants to classify are: GNR, the arrest, the vehicle, heroin, cocaine.

The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "GNR": I know that GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is the national republican guard in Portugal. That's a law enforcement agency, so it's an Organization. So GNR should be "Org".

Next, "the arrest": An arrest is an action or event, not a physical thing. The classes don't have an "Event" category, but looking at the example, "source" was classified as "Per" (Person). However, "arrest" here is the action taken, so maybe it's an Object? Wait, in the example, "engine" was classified as "Obj". But "arrest" is more of an event. The example didn't have an "Event" class, so maybe "Other"? Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. Since "arrest" isn't a person, org, object, location, nature, or facility, it might be "Other". But I need to check if "arrest" can be considered an object. Alternatively, maybe "the arrest" is an event, so "Other".

Then "the vehicle": A vehicle is a physical object, so that's "Obj".

"Heroin" and "cocaine" are drugs, which are substances. The class "Nature" might refer to natural things, but heroin and cocaine are man-made drugs. However, in the example, "engine" was "Obj", and "Nature" might be for natural elements like mountains, rivers, etc. Since heroin and cocaine are substances, maybe they fall under "Object" or "Other". Wait, looking back at the example, "engine" was "Obj", so maybe substances like drugs are also "Obj". Alternatively, if "Nature" is for natural elements, then drugs would be "Other". But I'm not sure. The example didn't have drugs, so maybe "Object" is the safest bet here. But I need to think: is heroin a type of object? It's a substance, so maybe "Obj". Alternatively, "Nature" could be for natural substances, but heroin is synthetic. Hmm. Maybe "Other" is better here. Wait, the example had "engine" as "Obj", which is a man-made object. So perhaps "heroin" and "cocaine" are also "Obj" as they are physical substances. 

So putting it all together:

- GNR: Org
- the arrest: Other (since it's an event, not fitting into other categories)
- the vehicle: Obj
- heroin: Obj
- cocaine: Obj

Wait, but in the example, "engine" was "Obj", so maybe substances are also "Obj". So heroin and cocaine would be "Obj". The arrest is an event, so "Other". Let me check if "arrest" can be considered an object. No, it's an action. So "Other" seems right.
</think>

<Output>[["GNR", "Org"], ["the arrest", "Other"], ["the vehicle", "Obj"], ["heroin", "Obj"], ["cocaine", "Obj"]]</Output>