<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that even entities like "to engine" and "a stopped engine" are included, so I need to be thorough.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is: "They were arguing, for reasons so far unknown, and in the middle of that one of the members shot at the other, fatally shooting him," said the spokesperson for the Police of the Republic of Mozambique (PRM) in Maputo province, Juarce Martins."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the people involved in the event. The text mentions "they" (plural), which refers to members of a group, but since it's not specified which group, I might need to note that. Then there's "one of the members" and "the other," which are individuals within the group. The spokesperson, Juarce Martins, is also a participant as he's reporting the event. The Police of the Republic of Mozambique (PRM) is an organization involved. Maputo province is a location, but the user's example included locations like "Lisbon" and "airport," so maybe locations are considered participants if they're relevant. However, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. Maputo province is where the spokesperson is from, but not sure if it's a participant. The example included "airport" as a participant, so maybe locations are included if they're part of the event's context.

Wait, in the example, "airport" was included, but in the input, the airport was part of the event (emergency landing). Here, the event is an argument leading to a shooting in Maputo province. So Maputo province might be a participant as the location where the event occurred. However, the example also included "Lisbon" twice, once as a city and once as part of the airport name. So maybe locations are included if they are explicitly mentioned.

Looking at the example output, "Lisbon" appears multiple times, and "airport" is included. So in this case, "Maputo province" should be included as a participant. Also, the spokesperson, Juarce Martins, is a person, so he's a participant. The Police of the Republic of Mozambique (PRM) is an organization, so that's a participant. The members involved in the argument and shooting are participants. The text says "one of the members shot at the other," so "members" are the group, but the exact group isn't named. However, the example included "the plane" and "the aircraft" as participants, even if they were the same entity. So here, "members" would be the participants, but since the group isn't named, maybe just "members" is the entity. Also, "the other" refers to another member, so that's another participant. However, the example included "the same source" as a participant, so maybe "the other" is considered a participant as well. But the example didn't include "the other" as a separate entity, so maybe only the group "members" is considered. Alternatively, "one of the members" and "the other" could be considered as individuals, but without names, it's hard to specify. The example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant, so maybe the group is considered even without a specific name.

So possible participants:

- "They" (members) – but the example didn't include "they" as a participant. Wait, in the example, "A plane" and "the aircraft" were included as separate entities. So maybe "they" is not a participant here because it's a pronoun referring to the members. However, the example included "the same source" which is a pronoun. So maybe "they" is considered a participant as "members" if that's the group. But the text says "one of the members shot at the other," so "members" is the group, and "one of the members" and "the other" are individuals within that group. However, without specific names, it's hard to extract them as entities. The example included "the aircraft" and "the plane" as separate entities even if they refer to the same thing, so maybe "members" and "the other" are considered as participants.

Wait, the example included "the same source" as a participant. In this case, "they" could be considered as "members" (group), "one of the members" (individual), and "the other" (individual). But without names, it's tricky. The example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity, so maybe the group is considered even without a specific name. So "members" would be the group, and "the other" as an individual. However, the example didn't include "the other" as a participant. Hmm.

Alternatively, maybe the participants are the group (members), the spokesperson (Juarce Martins), the PRM (organization), and the location (Maputo province). The shooting event involves the members, but the example included "the aircraft" as a participant, which is a noun. So perhaps "members" is the group, "the other" is another member, but since they are not named, maybe only "members" is considered. The spokesperson and PRM are definitely participants. Maputo province is the location where the event happened, so maybe included as a participant.

So compiling the list:

- "members" (group)
- "one of the members" (individual)
- "the other" (individual)
- "Juarce Martins" (person)
- "Police of the Republic of Mozambique (PRM)" (organization)
- "Maputo province" (location)

But the example included "the same source" as a participant, which is a pronoun. So maybe "they" as "members" is included. However, the example didn't include "they" as a participant. Wait, the example input had "A plane" and "the aircraft" as separate entities. So in this case, "they" might be considered as "members" (group), "one of the members" (individual), "the other" (individual), "Juarce Martins" (person), "Police of the Republic of Mozambique (PRM)" (organization), and "Maputo province" (location). The confidence for each would vary. For "members," maybe 0.8, "one of the members" 0.7, "the other" 0.6, "Juarce Martins" 0.95, "PRM" 0.9, "Maputo province" 0.7.

But the example output included "airport" as a participant, which is a location. So including "Maputo province" as a participant is correct. Also, the spokesperson is a participant. The PRM is an organization. The members are the group involved. The individuals are "one of the members" and "the other." However, the example didn't include "the other" as a separate entity, so maybe only "members" is considered. Alternatively, "the other" is a participant as an individual. The example included "the same source" as a participant, which is a pronoun, so maybe "the other" is acceptable.

Another thing: the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In this case, "spokesperson" is a role, so "Juarce Martins" is the person, and "spokesperson for the Police of the Republic of Mozambique (PRM)" is the role. But the example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant, so maybe the organization is included. So "Police of the Republic of Mozambique (PRM)" is an organization, and "Juarce Martins" is a person.

Putting it all together, the JSON list would be:

[
  ["members", 0.8],
  ["one of the members", 0.7],
  ["the other", 0.6],
  ["Juarce Martins", 0.95],
  ["Police of the Republic of Mozambique (PRM)", 0.9],
  ["Maputo province", 0.7]
]

But I need to check if "the other" is a participant. The example included "the same source" as a participant, so maybe "the other" is acceptable. However, the example didn't have "the other" as a separate entity. Alternatively, maybe "the other" is part of the group "members," so only "members" is needed. But the example included "the aircraft" and "the plane" as separate entities even if they refer to the same thing. So perhaps "one of the members" and "the other" are considered as separate participants. However, without specific names, the confidence might be lower.

Another angle: the definition says participants are entities actively involved or impacted. The members are involved in the shooting. The spokesperson is reporting, so he's involved. The PRM is the organization the spokesperson belongs to. Maputo province is the location where the event happened, so it's impacted. The individuals "one of the members" and "the other" are directly involved in the shooting. So including them as participants makes sense.

Therefore, the final list would include all those entities with appropriate confidence scores.
</think>

[["members", 0.8], ["one of the members", 0.7], ["the other", 0.6], ["Juarce Martins", 0.95], ["Police of the Republic of Mozambique (PRM)", 0.9], ["Maputo province", 0.7]]