<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "They are PRM agents assigned to the Department of Protection of Natural Resources and Environment, in the district of Magude, in the province of Maputo."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "They" – refers to the PRM agents. But since "they" is a pronoun, it's pointing to the agents mentioned later. However, in the example provided earlier, the output included "Plane" and "A plane" as separate entities. So maybe "They" is a participant here, but I need to check if it's a valid entity. However, "they" is a pronoun and might not be a specific entity. The example didn't include pronouns like "they" unless they were part of a specific name. Hmm, the example had "a Public Security Police" as an entity, so maybe "PRM agents" is the key here.

2. "PRM agents" – this seems like a group or organization. The term PRM could stand for something like Protection and Rescue Mission or another acronym. But since it's given as a title, it's likely an organization or department. So "PRM agents" would be a participant.

3. "Department of Protection of Natural Resources and Environment" – this is a specific department, so definitely an organization or entity. It's explicitly mentioned, so it's a participant.

4. "Magude" – this is a district. Districts are administrative regions, so they are entities. The example included "Lisbon" and "Farnborough" as locations, so "Magude" should be included.

5. "Maputo" – this is a province. The example included "province of Maputo" as part of the location, so "Maputo" as a province is an entity.

Now, checking the example again, they included "the airports" and "the same source" as entities. So even if it's a noun phrase, like "the Department of...", it's included. Also, "PRM agents" is a group, so that's a participant.

Wait, the input sentence says "They are PRM agents assigned to the Department...". So "They" refers to the PRM agents. But in the output, should "They" be included? In the example, "A plane" and "The aircraft" were both included. However, "they" is a pronoun and might not be a specific entity. The example didn't include pronouns unless they were part of a name. For instance, "a Public Security Police" was included. So maybe "PRM agents" is the entity here, not "They".

So the participants would be:

- PRM agents (group)
- Department of Protection of Natural Resources and Environment (organization)
- Magude (district)
- Maputo (province)

Wait, the example included "Lisbon" as a location. So "Magude" and "Maputo" are locations, so they are participants. Also, the example included "source" as an entity. But in this case, there's no source mentioned, just the department and locations.

So the final list would be:

["PRM agents", 0.9], ["Department of Protection of Natural Resources and Environment", 0.9], ["Magude", 0.8], ["Maputo", 0.8]

I need to check if "province of Maputo" is the full entity. The input says "province of Maputo", so "Maputo" is the province. The example had "province of Maputo" but the output included "Lisbon" and "Farnborough" as separate entities. So "Maputo" as a province is correct.

Confidence scores: PRM agents and the department are clear, so high confidence. Magude and Maputo are locations, so maybe 0.8 each. I think that's reasonable.
</think>

[["PRM agents", 0.9], ["Department of Protection of Natural Resources and Environment", 0.9], ["Magude", 0.8], ["Maputo", 0.8]]