<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Upon hearing the shot, other colleagues ran to see what had happened and the perpetrator was immediately arrested," explained the PRM spokesperson."

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main event is the arrest of the perpetrator. The participants would be the people involved in this event.

"other colleagues" – these are people who ran to see what happened. They are participants as they were involved in the response to the shot. But wait, the term "colleagues" is a bit vague. Are they part of an organization? The sentence doesn't specify, but since they are referred to as colleagues, maybe they are employees of an organization. However, without more context, I can only take "colleagues" as a group. But the example given in the task includes "a Public Security Police" as an entity, which is a group. So maybe "colleagues" here is a group, but it's not clear. However, the example also includes "source" and "the same source" as entities, so maybe even generic terms like "colleagues" can be considered if they are part of the event.

Then, "the perpetrator" – clearly a participant, the person arrested. The perpetrator is an individual, so that's a participant.

"the PRM spokesperson" – this is a person or role, so they are a participant as they are explaining the event. PRM might be an organization, so "PRM spokesperson" is a role within that organization. But the example includes "a Public Security Police" as an entity, so maybe "PRM" is an organization here. However, the input doesn't specify what PRM stands for, but the user might expect it to be treated as an organization. However, since the example includes "source" as an entity, maybe "PRM spokesperson" is considered an entity here. Alternatively, "PRM" could be an organization, and the spokesperson is a role. But the example includes "source" as an entity, so maybe "PRM spokesperson" is a participant.

Wait, the example output includes "source" and "the same source" as entities. So in the input, when someone is quoted as "explained the PRM spokesperson," the PRM spokesperson is a participant. So "PRM spokesperson" would be an entity here.

Now, checking for other entities. The sentence mentions "shot" – but that's an event, not a participant. "the perpetrator" is a person. "colleagues" are people. "PRM spokesperson" is a person or role.

So the participants would be:

- other colleagues (group of people)
- the perpetrator (individual)
- PRM spokesperson (individual or role)

Wait, but the example includes "source" as an entity. In the example input, the source is "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So "source" is an entity. In the current input, the speaker is "the PRM spokesperson," so that's the source here. So "PRM spokesperson" is the source, hence a participant.

So the entities would be:

["other colleagues", confidence], ["the perpetrator", confidence], ["PRM spokesperson", confidence].

Now, confidence levels. "other colleagues" – since they are mentioned as people who ran to see, they are definitely participants. Confidence maybe 0.9. "the perpetrator" is clearly a participant, confidence 0.95. "PRM spokesperson" is the one explaining, so definitely a participant, confidence 0.9.

Wait, but the example output includes "a Public Security Police" as an entity. In the input, "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So the entity is "a Public Security Police" (the group) and "source" (the role). But in the output, it's included as "a Public Security Police" and "source". So in the current input, "PRM spokesperson" is similar to "source" in the example. So "PRM spokesperson" is an entity here. So that's one entity. Also, "PRM" might be an organization, but since the example includes "source" as an entity, maybe "PRM spokesperson" is the entity here. Alternatively, if "PRM" is an organization, then "PRM" and "spokesperson" could be separate. But the input doesn't specify, so maybe just "PRM spokesperson" as the entity.

So the final list would be:

["other colleagues", 0.9], ["the perpetrator", 0.95], ["PRM spokesperson", 0.9]

I need to make sure I'm not missing any other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any organizations or locations except the PRM spokesperson. The shot is an event, not a participant. So those three should be the participants.
</think>

[["other colleagues", 0.9], ["the perpetrator", 0.95], ["PRM spokesperson", 0.9]]