<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "According to Juarce Martins, two cases were opened against the agent, one disciplinary and the other criminal."

First, I need to identify all entities here. Let's break it down.

"Juarce Martins" is a person's name, so that's definitely a participant. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95 since it's a proper name.

"the agent" – this refers to an individual, probably an employee or someone in an organization. Since it's mentioned as "the agent," it's a specific person, so that's a participant. Confidence might be around 0.85 because it's a role but not a name.

"two cases" – cases are legal or disciplinary actions. However, the question is about participants, which are entities involved. Cases themselves aren't participants; they're the actions taken. So maybe not include "cases."

"disciplinary" and "criminal" are types of cases, not entities. So those are adjectives, not participants.

"the agent" is mentioned again, but it's the same entity as before. So I should list it once.

Are there any organizations or groups mentioned? The sentence doesn't specify any. "According to Juarce Martins" – if Juarce Martins is part of an organization, but the input doesn't say that. So maybe not.

Wait, "agent" could be part of an organization, but the input doesn't name the organization. So the only participants are Juarce Martins and the agent.

Wait, "cases were opened against the agent" – the agent is the subject here, so they are the one being acted upon. So the agent is a participant. Juarce Martins is the source, so they are a participant as well.

So the output should be:

["Juarce Martins", 0.95], ["the agent", 0.85]

I need to check if "cases" or "disciplinary" and "criminal" are considered, but according to the definition, participants are entities involved. Cases are not entities but actions. So they are not participants. The agent is the one involved, and Juarce Martins is the person reporting. So that's it.
</think>

[["Juarce Martins", 0.95], ["the agent", 0.85]]