<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. First, I need to understand what counts as a participant. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "According to the statement, the man, a Portuguese-Guinean citizen, was carrying the drug concealed on his waist and was detained at Osvaldo Vieira international airport, in Bissau."

Breaking it down. The main event is a man being detained at an airport for carrying drugs. Let's list possible participants.

First, "the man" is clearly an individual involved. His nationality is mentioned as Portuguese-Guinean, but that's a descriptor, not a separate entity. Then, "Portuguese-Guinean citizen" might be a way to refer to him, but since "the man" is already mentioned, maybe that's redundant. However, the instruction says to extract entities, so maybe "Portuguese-Guinean citizen" is a role or descriptor, not a separate participant. Wait, but the example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. So maybe descriptors that are specific roles or groups are included.

Next, "drug" – is that a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The drug is being carried, so it's part of the event. But the example didn't include "engine failure" as a participant, but "engine" was included. Hmm. Wait, in the example, "engine" and "a stopped engine" were listed. So maybe objects involved are considered participants. So "drug" would be a participant here.

Then, "Osvaldo Vieira international airport" is an entity. The location is Bissau, but the airport is a specific entity. Also, "Bissau" is the city, so that's another entity. The airport's name is "Osvaldo Vieira international airport," so that's one entity. "Bissau" is the location, so that's another. 

The statement mentions "the statement" – but that's a source, maybe. However, in the example, "source" was included. So "the statement" might be a participant, but the example didn't include it. Wait, in the example input, "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." The output included "a Public Security Police" and "Lusa." So "source" was included as a participant. But in the current input, "According to the statement..." – "the statement" is a source. So maybe "the statement" is a participant here. However, the example didn't include "statement" as a participant. Wait, the example input had "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." The output included "source" and "the same source." So maybe "source" is a participant. But in this case, the input says "According to the statement..." So "the statement" is the source. Should that be included? The example didn't include "statement" as a participant, but maybe in this case, it's a source, so it's a participant. However, the example output didn't include "statement" as a participant. Wait, the example input had "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." The output included "a Public Security Police" and "Lusa." So the source is considered a participant. In this case, the input says "According to the statement..." So "the statement" is the source. So maybe "the statement" is a participant here. But the example didn't include "statement" as a participant. Hmm, maybe the user expects that sources are included as participants. Alternatively, maybe "the statement" is a reference to a source, but not an entity itself. This is a bit ambiguous.

Also, "detained" – the action, but not an entity. So participants are the entities involved. So the man, the drug, the airport, the city (Bissau), and maybe the source (the statement). But the example didn't include "statement" as a participant. Let me check the example again. The example input had "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." The output included "a Public Security Police" and "Lusa." So the source is included. So in this case, "the statement" is the source, so maybe "the statement" is a participant. However, the example didn't include "statement" but included "source" when it was mentioned. So perhaps "the statement" is a participant here. But maybe the user expects that only specific entities like organizations, people, places are included. Let me think again.

The man is a participant. The drug is an object involved. The airport is a location where the event happened. Bissau is the city where the airport is located. The statement is a source, but in the example, the source was included as "a Public Security Police" and "Lusa." So in this case, "the statement" is the source, so maybe it's included. However, the example didn't have "statement" as a participant. Wait, in the example, the source was "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source," which were included. So maybe "the statement" is a source here, so it's a participant. But the example didn't include "statement" as a participant. Maybe the user considers "statement" as a source, but in the example, the source was an organization (Lusa) and a group (Public Security Police). So in this case, "the statement" is a source, but it's not an organization or person. Maybe it's not included. Alternatively, maybe "the statement" is a participant. This is a bit tricky.

Another thing to consider: the example included "airport" as a participant. In the input, "Osvaldo Vieira international airport" is a specific airport, so that's an entity. "Bissau" is the city. So both should be included. The drug is an object involved, so it's a participant. The man is a person involved. The statement is a source, but maybe not an entity. Let me check the example again. The example output included "airport" and "the airports" as participants. So in this case, "Osvaldo Vieira international airport" and "Bissau" would be participants. The man, the drug, the airport, the city. 

So compiling the list:

- "the man" (confidence high, maybe 0.9)
- "Portuguese-Guinean citizen" – but this is a descriptor of the man, not a separate entity. So maybe not. The example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant, which is a group. So if the man's nationality is a descriptor, it's not a separate entity. So maybe not included.
- "drug" – as an object involved, so participant (confidence maybe 0.8)
- "Osvaldo Vieira international airport" (confidence 0.95)
- "Bissau" (confidence 0.9)
- "the statement" – if considered a source, but in the example, the source was an organization (Lusa) and a group (Public Security Police). Here, "the statement" is a source, but it's not an organization or person. Maybe not included. Alternatively, if the statement is from an organization, but the input doesn't specify. So perhaps not included.

Wait, the input says "According to the statement..." but doesn't mention who made the statement. So "the statement" is the source, but it's not an entity. Therefore, maybe it's not included as a participant. The example included "source" when it was explicitly mentioned, like "a Public Security Police source." In this case, the source is "the statement," but it's not an entity. So maybe it's not included.

So the participants would be:

- "the man"
- "drug"
- "Osvaldo Vieira international airport"
- "Bissau"

But wait, the example included "airport" as a participant. So in this case, "Osvaldo Vieira international airport" is the airport, and "Bissau" is the city. Both are participants. The man is a participant. The drug is a participant. 

Now, confidence scores. For "the man," high confidence (0.9). "drug" is an object involved, maybe 0.8. The airport is a specific entity, 0.95. Bissau is a city, 0.9. 

Wait, but in the example, "airport" was included as a participant. So here, "Osvaldo Vieira international airport" is the specific airport, so that's a participant. "Bissau" is the city, which is also a participant. 

So the final list would be:

["the man", 0.9], ["drug", 0.8], ["Osvaldo Vieira international airport", 0.95], ["Bissau", 0.9]

But wait, the example included "the airports" as a participant. In this case, the airport is singular, so "Osvaldo Vieira international airport" is the entity. Also, "Bissau" is the city. 

Another thing: the example included "the same source" as a participant. Here, the source is "the statement," but it's not an entity. So maybe not included. 

So the answer should be the four entities mentioned above. Let me check again. The input says the man was detained at the airport in Bissau. So the airport is a participant, the city is a participant. The man is a participant, the drug is a participant. 

I think that's it. Now, formatting as JSON-parseable list with confidence scores.
</think>

[["the man", 0.9], ["drug", 0.8], ["Osvaldo Vieira international airport", 0.95], ["Bissau", 0.9]]