<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but that seems like a fragment. Maybe that's an error, but I need to follow the example's structure.

Looking at the input sentence: "The PJ adds that the man, aged 47, will appear before the Public Prosecutor's Office today."

First, identify the entities. "PJ" is likely a group or organization, maybe the Public Prosecutor's Office? But in Portugal, PJ stands for Polícia Judiciária, which is the Judicial Police. So that's an organization. Then "the man" is an individual. "Public Prosecutor's Office" is another organization. The age "47" is part of the man's description, so maybe not a separate entity. The rest are roles or locations, but the sentence doesn't mention specific places beyond the office.

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. In this case, "the PJ" is the source here. Also, "Public Prosecutor's Office" is an organization. The man is an individual. Are there any other entities? The age is just a descriptor, not a participant. The verb "adds" is an action, but the subject is "PJ". 

So the entities would be "PJ", "the man", "Public Prosecutor's Office". The example output had "source" as an entity, but here the source is the PJ. Also, the example included "the same source" as a separate entity. But in this case, the sentence only mentions "the PJ" once. So maybe "PJ" and "Public Prosecutor's Office" are the main entities. 

Wait, the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. In this case, "Public Prosecutor's Office" is an organization, so that's a participant. The man is an individual. The age is part of the man's description, so not a separate entity. 

Confidence levels: "PJ" is a known organization, so high confidence. "the man" is clearly an individual. "Public Prosecutor's Office" is an organization. The example had "source" as an entity, but here the source is the PJ. So maybe "PJ" is the source. However, the example included "source" as a separate entity. But in this case, the sentence says "The PJ adds...", so the source is the PJ. So maybe "PJ" is the source here. 

Wait, the example output had "source" and "the same source" as entities. But in this input, the source is the PJ. So maybe "PJ" is the source. However, the example might have included "source" as a role, but in this case, the source is the PJ. So perhaps "PJ" is the entity here. 

So the entities would be:

- "PJ" (organization) with high confidence (0.9)
- "the man" (individual) with high confidence (0.9)
- "Public Prosecutor's Office" (organization) with high confidence (0.9)

I need to check if any other entities are present. The age is just a descriptor, not a participant. The verb "appear" is an action, not an entity. 

So the final list would be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["PJ", 0.9], ["the man", 0.9], ["Public Prosecutor's Office", 0.9]]