<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are entities involved in or impacted by the event. The example they gave includes things like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., each with a confidence score.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "At the beginning of October, the PJ had also detained another Portuguese-Guinean citizen, aged 22, at Osvaldo Vieira airport, in possession of a kilogram of cocaine, when he was preparing to travel to Lisbon."

Breaking it down, the main event is the detention by the PJ (which I think stands for Polícia Judiciária, the Judicial Police in Portugal). The participants here would be the entities involved in this event.

Starting with the PJ. They are the ones detaining someone, so they are definitely a participant. The Portuguese-Guinean citizen is the person detained, so that's another participant. The airport where the detention happened, Osvaldo Vieira airport, is a location involved. The cocaine is an item in possession, so that's a participant as well. Lisbon is mentioned as the destination, so that's a location involved. The age (22) is part of the citizen's description, but the age itself isn't an entity, so maybe not. The phrase "when he was preparing to travel" might not be an entity. The term "another" refers to the citizen, but it's an adjective, not an entity. 

Wait, the example output included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. In the current input, "the PJ" is the entity. So "PJ" should be included. Also, "Portuguese-Guinean citizen" is a person, so that's a participant. The airport is a location, so "Osvaldo Vieira airport" is a participant. The cocaine is an item, so "a kilogram of cocaine" is a participant. Lisbon is another location. 

I need to make sure I'm not missing any entities. The age is part of the citizen's description, but the entity is the citizen, not the age. The word "another" is a determiner, not an entity. The phrase "in possession of" is a prepositional phrase, but the object here is the cocaine. 

So the participants would be: PJ, Portuguese-Guinean citizen, Osvaldo Vieira airport, a kilogram of cocaine, Lisbon. 

Now, confidence scores. For "PJ," I'm pretty confident since they are the ones taking action. The citizen is explicitly mentioned. The airport is the location of the event. Cocaine is the item involved. Lisbon is the destination. 

I should check if "Osvaldo Vieira airport" is a proper noun and should be included as a single entity. Yes. "Lisbon" is a city, so that's a participant. 

I think that's all. Let me list them with confidence scores. Maybe 0.9 for PJ, 0.9 for the citizen, 0.8 for the airport, 0.7 for cocaine (since it's an item), and 0.8 for Lisbon. I might adjust based on the example's confidence levels. The example had "engine" with 0.8, so maybe similar here.
</think>

[["PJ", 0.9], ["Portuguese-Guinean citizen", 0.9], ["Osvaldo Vieira airport", 0.8], ["a kilogram of cocaine", 0.7], ["Lisbon", 0.8]]