<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, which might be a bit confusing, but I guess it's about extracting any noun phrases that could be participants.

Looking at the input: "The GNR of Freamunde announced today that it had closed a restaurant and drinks establishment that brought together around 50 people, in that location in the municipality of Paços de Ferreira."

First, I need to identify all entities here. Let's break it down sentence by sentence.

"The GNR of Freamunde" – GNR is likely a group or organization, maybe a police force. Freamunde is a place, so that's a location. Then "announced today" – "today" is a time, not an entity. 

"it had closed a restaurant and drinks establishment" – "a restaurant" and "drinks establishment" are entities. The subject here is "it" which refers back to GNR, so maybe "GNR of Freamunde" is the actor here. 

"that brought together around 50 people" – "50 people" is a group, but the example didn't include numbers, but the participants are entities. Wait, the example included "50 people" as "around 50 people" but in the output, it's written as "around 50 people". Wait, in the example given by the user, the output includes "around 50 people" as an entity. Wait, looking back at the example input and output:

In the example input, the output included "50 people" as "around 50 people" with confidence. Wait, the example input was about a plane landing, and the output had entries like "50 people" (though in the example given, the output didn't have that, but maybe the user's example is different). Wait, the example input in the task was about the plane, and the output included entries like "the airports", "Farnborough", "England", "Lisbon", etc. So maybe in this case, "50 people" is considered a participant. 

So in the current input, "GNR of Freamunde" is an organization. Then "a restaurant and drinks establishment" are entities. "50 people" is a group. "the municipality of Paços de Ferreira" is a location. Also, "that location" refers to the restaurant's location, which is in Paços de Ferreira. 

Wait, the sentence says "in that location in the municipality of Paços de Ferreira." So "that location" refers to the restaurant's location, which is part of Paços de Ferreira. So "the municipality of Paços de Ferreira" is an entity. Also, "Paços de Ferreira" itself is a place. 

So possible participants: GNR of Freamunde (organization), the restaurant, drinks establishment, 50 people, Paços de Ferreira (municipality), and maybe "the location" (though it's a bit vague). Also, "the restaurant and drinks establishment" are two separate entities, but in the input, they are combined as "a restaurant and drinks establishment". Should they be split? The example in the task had "the airports" as an entity, so maybe combining them is okay. 

Also, "the GNR of Freamunde" is the subject, so that's a participant. The restaurant and drinks establishment are the ones that were closed, so they are participants. The 50 people were brought together there, so they are participants. The municipality Paços de Ferreira is the location, so that's a participant. 

Now, confidence levels. For "GNR of Freamunde", I'm pretty confident, maybe 0.95. "a restaurant and drinks establishment" – maybe 0.85. "50 people" – 0.75. "Paços de Ferreira" – 0.9. "the municipality of Paços de Ferreira" – maybe 0.8. Also, "that location" – but since it's referred to as "that location in the municipality of Paços de Ferreira", maybe "that location" is not a named entity, but the municipality is. 

Wait, the example output included "the airports" as an entity. So in this case, "the restaurant and drinks establishment" would be the entity. Also, "GNR of Freamunde" is an organization. 

I think that's all. Let me list them out with confidence scores.
</think>

[["The GNR of Freamunde", 0.95], ["a restaurant and drinks establishment", 0.85], ["50 people", 0.75], ["Paços de Ferreira", 0.9], ["the municipality of Paços de Ferreira", 0.8]]