<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a Portuguese sentence about a police command explaining a detention. The participants are entities mentioned in the text.

The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given in the problem shows that "Aeroporto" is classified as a Facility, "Lisboa" as a Place (capital), and organizations like "agência Lusa" as Organization. 

Looking at the participants to classify here:

1. "Comando Territorial de Castelo Branco" – This seems like an organization, maybe a police or military command. In the example, similar structures like "Polícia de Segurança Pública" were classified as Organization. So this should be Org.

2. "o Comando Territorial de Castelo Branco" – The definite article "o" is added, but the entity remains the same. So it's still an Organization.

3. "homem de 52 anos" – This is a person, specifically a man aged 52. So Person.

4. "Núcleo de Investigação Criminal (NIC) de Idanha-a-Nova" – This is the name of a unit, likely part of an organization. The NIC is an acronym for Núcleo de Investigação Criminal, which would be an organization or a department within an organization. Since it's a specific unit, it's probably an Organization.

5. "Idanha-a-Nova" – This is a place name, a city in Portugal. So Location.

Wait, in the example, "Farnborough" was classified as Pl_civil, which is a type of Location. Similarly, "Lisboa" was Pl_capital. So "Idanha-a-Nova" should be a Location, maybe Pl_civil or Pl_city. Since the exact class isn't specified beyond the main categories, but the example used "Pl_capital" for Lisboa, which is a city and capital. However, the user's classes are more general: Location, Facility, etc. So "Idanha-a-Nova" is a Location.

Double-checking each entry:

- "Comando Territorial de Castelo Branco" – Org
- "o Comando Territorial de Castelo Branco" – Org
- "homem de 52 anos" – Person
- "Núcleo de Investigação Criminal (NIC) de Idanha-a-Nova" – Org (since it's a unit within an organization)
- "Idanha-a-Nova" – Location

So the output should be a JSON array with these classifications.
</think>

[["Comando Territorial de Castelo Branco", "Org"], ["o Comando Territorial de Castelo Branco", "Org"], ["homem de 52 anos", "Per"], ["Núcleo de Investigação Criminal (NIC) de Idanha-a-Nova", "Org"], ["Idanha-a-Nova", "Loc"]]