<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is "Esta ação contou com o reforço de militares do Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova da GNR". The participants to classify are "militares", "Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova", and "GNR".

First, I need to determine the class for each entity. The classes available are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let's go one by one.

Starting with "militares". In Portuguese, "militares" translates to "military personnel" or "soldiers". These are people, so the class should be "Person".

Next is "Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova". This seems like a specific location. "Posto Territorial" translates to Territorial Post, which might be a facility or a location. However, since it's a named place with a specific name, it's more likely a Location. But wait, sometimes "Posto" can refer to a facility, like a station. However, in the context of GNR (National Republican Guard), a Territorial Post would be a specific location where they operate. So maybe "Location" is correct here. Alternatively, if it's a facility, like a building, then "Facility". But given that it's part of the GNR's structure, it's probably a Facility. Hmm. Let me think again. The example given in the initial task had "aeroporto" classified as "Fac" (Facility). So "Posto Territorial" might be a type of facility. But "Idanha-a-Nova" is a town in Portugal, so the full name is the name of the post located there. So maybe it's a Facility. But I'm a bit confused. Let me check the example again. In the example, "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was classified as "Fac". So "Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova" is a specific facility, so "Fac".

Then "GNR" stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is the National Republican Guard in Portugal. That's an organization, so "Organization".

Wait, but in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was classified as "Org". So GNR is an organization. So "GNR" is "Org".

So the classifications would be:

- "militares" → Person
- "Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova" → Facility
- "GNR" → Organization

I need to make sure I'm not missing any nuances. "Militares" are people, so Person. The Posto is a facility, and GNR is an organization. That seems right.
</think>

[["militares", "Per"], ["Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova", "Fac"], ["GNR", "Org"]]