<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence where a 50-year-old man was detained by the National Republican Guard (GNR) for hunting near houses. The participants to classify are "A 50-year-old man", "National Republican Guard (GNR)", and "force of authority".

First, I need to recall the classes. The classes are Per, Org, Obj, Nat, Fac, Veh, Path, Pl_water, Pl_celestial, Pl_mountain, Pl_civil, Pl_country, Pl_mount_range, Pl_capital, Pl_region, Pl_state, Loc, and Other. 

Starting with "A 50-year-old man". This is clearly a human individual, so that's Per. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "National Republican Guard (GNR)". This is an organization, specifically a government or military force. So that's Org. Confidence is also high, maybe 0.95.

Then "force of authority". The term "force of authority" is a bit vague. In the context, it refers to the National Republican Guard, which is an organization. However, "force of authority" is a general term and might not be a specific entity. But in the input, it's used to refer to the GNR, which is an Org. However, since "force of authority" isn't a specific name, maybe it's considered Other? Wait, the example given in the task includes "source" as Per and "the same source" as Per. But here, "force of authority" is a general term, not a specific entity. So perhaps it's Other? But the example had "source" as Per, which was a person. Wait, in the input, "force of authority" is used to refer to the GNR, which is an Org. However, the phrase "force of authority" is not a specific name. So maybe it's considered Other? Or is it a role, which might not be classified. But the task says to classify participants based on how they are used in the input. Since "force of authority" is a general term and not a specific entity, it might not be a participant. But the user included it in the list. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe it's an Org because it refers to the GNR. But the exact name is "National Republican Guard (GNR)", so "force of authority" is a description, not the actual name. So perhaps it's Other. But I need to check the definitions again. 

The definition says participants are entities actively involved. If "force of authority" is a role or a general term, not a specific entity, then it might not be classified. However, in the input, it's used as a noun phrase referring to the GNR. But since it's not a specific name, maybe it's Other. Alternatively, if the user considers it as referring to the GNR, then it's Org. But I think the correct approach is to treat "force of authority" as a general term, not a specific entity, so it's Other. But I'm not entirely sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "source" was classified as Per, even though it's a general term. Wait, in the example input, "source" was "a Public Security Police source", which is a person, so "source" was Per. But here, "force of authority" is a general term, not a specific person or organization. So maybe it's Other. But the user might expect it to be Org since it refers to the GNR. However, the exact name is "National Republican Guard (GNR)", so "force of authority" is just a description. Therefore, it's not a specific entity, so it's Other. But I'm a bit confused here. Maybe the confidence is lower. Let's say 0.5 for Other. Alternatively, if the user considers it as the same as the GNR, then Org. But I think the safest is to classify it as Other with lower confidence.
</think>

<Output>
[["A 50-year-old man", "Per", 0.95], ["National Republican Guard (GNR)", "Org", 0.95], ["force of authority", "Other", 0.5]]
</Output>