<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. First, I need to understand what counts as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Following a complaint, and after investigative measures, the military intercepted the suspect hunting in land close to houses, in a protective strip of less than 250 meters”, said the GNR statement, which mobilized the Óbidos Territorial Post and the Caldas da Rainha Environmental Protection Center."

Breaking it down:

1. "the military" – this is an organization involved in the interception. Confidence high, maybe 0.95.
2. "the suspect" – the person being hunted, so a participant. Confidence 0.9.
3. "GNR statement" – GNR is a police force, so the entity here is GNR. Confidence 0.95.
4. "Óbidos Territorial Post" – a specific unit mobilized. Confidence 0.9.
5. "Caldas da Rainha Environmental Protection Center" – another organization involved. Confidence 0.9.

Wait, the user's example included things like "a Public Security Police" and "airline Jota Aviation" as entities. So even if it's a group or organization, they count. Also, "the same source" was included as "source" with confidence. So I need to check for all such mentions.

In the input, "the military" is a group. "the suspect" is an individual. "GNR" is an organization. "Óbidos Territorial Post" and "Caldas da Rainha Environmental Protection Center" are specific units or centers. Also, "the GNR statement" – but "statement" is a role, not an entity. Wait, the example had "source" as an entity. So maybe "GNR statement" is referring to the GNR as the entity, not the statement itself. So "GNR" is the entity here. Similarly, "the same source" in the example was "source" as an entity. So in this case, "GNR" is the entity, not the statement. So I should extract "GNR" as the entity, not "GNR statement".

Also, "Óbidos Territorial Post" and "Caldas da Rainha Environmental Protection Center" are specific organizations, so they should be included. The "land" and "protective strip" are locations, but the definition says participants are entities involved. So maybe locations are not participants unless they are organizations. Wait, the example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as entities. Hmm, but in the example, "airport" was part of the location, but maybe in some contexts, the airport as an entity is considered. However, the user's example included "airport" as a participant. So maybe locations are included if they are named entities. But in the current input, "land close to houses" and "protective strip" are not named entities, so they might not be participants. So I need to be careful here.

So the participants here are:

- the military (organization)
- the suspect (individual)
- GNR (organization)
- Óbidos Territorial Post (organization)
- Caldas da Rainha Environmental Protection Center (organization)

The "statement" is part of the GNR's action, but the entity is GNR. The "protective strip" is a location, but not an entity. "land" is not a named entity. So I think those four organizations and the suspect are the participants. The confidence scores would be high for the organizations and the suspect. Maybe 0.95 for the military, GNR, and the two centers, and 0.9 for the suspect. Let me check the example again. In the example, "engine" was included as a participant. Wait, in the example input, "engine failure" was part of the event, but the output included "engine" and "a stopped engine". So maybe parts of the event are considered participants if they are named. However, in the current input, "land" and "protective strip" are not named entities. So perhaps they are not included. The "suspect" is an individual, so that's a participant. The military, GNR, and the two centers are organizations. So the final list would be those five entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["the military", 0.95], ["the suspect", 0.9], ["GNR", 0.95], ["Óbidos Territorial Post", 0.9], ["Caldas da Rainha Environmental Protection Center", 0.9]]