<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants listed. The input is a sentence about an incident where a man was subjected to cardiorespiratory resuscitation, reported by an official source from the Maritime Police to Lusa.

The participants to classify are: "An official source", "Maritime Police", "Lusa", "the man", and "cardiorespiratory resuscitation". 

Starting with "An official source" – this seems like a person or entity providing information. Since it's a source, maybe it's an organization or a person. But the example given in the task had "source" classified as "Per" (Person), so maybe here it's also Per. But wait, "source" could be an organization. However, in the example, "source" was classified as Per, so maybe that's the case here. But the input says "An official source from the Maritime Police", which might imply that the source is part of the Maritime Police. However, the Maritime Police is an organization. But the source itself is a person. Hmm, maybe "An official source" is a person, so Per. But I need to check the definitions again.

Next, "Maritime Police" – that's an organization, so Org. The example had "Public Security Police" as Org, so same here.

"Lusa" is a news agency, which is an organization, so Org.

"The man" is a human individual, so Per.

"Cardiorespiratory resuscitation" – this is a medical procedure, not an object or place. The classes don't have a category for procedures. Looking at the classes, Obj is for tangible objects. Since this is an action or process, maybe it's Other? But the example had "um cheiro a queimado" as Other. So "cardiorespiratory resuscitation" might be Other. Alternatively, maybe it's a medical device or something, but the term here refers to the action, not an object. So Other seems right.

Wait, the classes include Other for entities that don't fit elsewhere. So "cardiorespiratory resuscitation" is a procedure, not an object, place, or person. So Other. Confidence might be lower here, but I think that's the best fit.

Now, checking each participant again:

- "An official source": Per (since it's a person, even if part of an organization)
- "Maritime Police": Org
- "Lusa": Org
- "the man": Per
- "cardiorespiratory resuscitation": Other

Confidences: For "An official source", maybe 0.9 since it's a person. "Maritime Police" is clearly Org. "Lusa" is Org. "the man" is Per. "cardiorespiratory resuscitation" is Other, maybe 0.7 as it's a bit ambiguous but fits under Other.
</think>

<Output>
[["An official source", "Per", 0.9], ["Maritime Police", "Org", 0.95], ["Lusa", "Org", 0.9], ["the man", "Per", 0.95], ["cardiorespiratory resuscitation", "Other", 0.7]]
</Output>