<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to understand the input sentence: "The rescue was carried out by another passerby who was passing nearby and threw himself into the water when he saw the man in difficulties." 

Breaking it down, the main event is a rescue. The participants here would be the people involved in the rescue and the person in difficulty. Let's look for explicit mentions. 

The sentence mentions "another passerby" who performed the rescue. Then there's "the man in difficulties" who was rescued. The passerby is an individual, and the man is another individual. The action is the rescue, so these two are the key participants. 

Are there any other entities? The text doesn't mention any organizations, groups, or other entities. The location isn't specified, so "nearby" is a general term, not a specific entity. The water is part of the setting but not an entity. 

Now, checking for possible other mentions. "Another passerby" is a person, so that's one. "The man in difficulties" is another. The verb "carried out by" indicates the passerby as the agent. The man is the patient here. 

I need to make sure I'm not missing any implied participants. The example output included "source" and "Lusa" as entities, even if they were mentioned in the context. In this case, the only entities are the two individuals. 

Confidence scores: "passerby" is explicitly mentioned, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. "the man in difficulties" is also directly mentioned, so 0.9. Are there any other possible entities? "Water" is part of the action but not a participant. "Nearby" is a location descriptor but not an entity. 

So the final list should be ["passerby", 0.95], ["the man in difficulties", 0.9]. Wait, but the example included "the same source" as an entity. In this case, "another passerby" is a singular entity, so maybe "passerby" is sufficient. However, the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So in this case, "another passerby" is a participant, but the exact name isn't given, so it's just "passerby" as the entity. 

Wait, the example output had "Plane", "to engine", etc., which seems to include parts of phrases. But the user's instruction says participants are entities involved. So maybe "passerby" is the entity, and "the man in difficulties" is another. I think that's correct. 

I should also check if "another" is part of the entity. The example had "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So in this case, "another passerby" is the entity, but the article "another" might be part of the entity name. However, in the example, "a Public Security Police" was included. So maybe "another passerby" is considered as the entity. But the user's example output included "A plane" and "the aircraft" as separate entities. So perhaps each noun phrase is considered. 

Wait, the example input had "Plane makes emergency landing..." and the output included "Plane", "A plane", "The aircraft", etc. So even if they are the same entity, they are listed as separate entries. So in this case, "another passerby" and "passerby" might be considered different, but in the example, "A plane" and "The aircraft" are both included. However, in the given input, "another passerby" is the same as "passerby" but with a determiner. 

But the user's example output included "the same source" as an entity. So perhaps the exact phrase is taken as the entity. Therefore, in this case, "another passerby" and "the man in difficulties" are the entities. 

So the output would be:

[["another passerby", 0.95], ["the man in difficulties", 0.9]]

I need to check if "passerby" is the correct entity. The example included "plane" and "engine" as separate entities. So in this case, "passerby" and "man in difficulties" are the participants. 

Yes, that seems right. The confidence scores are high because they are explicitly mentioned. I don't see any other entities here.
</think>

[["another passerby", 0.95], ["the man in difficulties", 0.9]]