<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Segundo a GNR, o homem, de 47 anos, “com uma frequência quase diária, insultava, ameaçava e agredia física e psicologicamente a vítima, sua mulher de 46 anos, na presença da filha menor de ambos”."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "a GNR" – this is an organization, the National Republican Guard in Portugal. Confidence is high, so 0.95.
2. "o homem" – the man, the aggressor. Confidence 0.9.
3. "a vítima" – the victim, his wife. Confidence 0.9.
4. "sua mulher de 46 anos" – same as the victim, but more specific. Maybe a separate entry? But the example had "a vítima" and "sua mulher" as separate. Wait, in the example, they included "a vítima" and "sua mulher de 46 anos" as separate entities. So here, "a vítima" and "sua mulher de 46 anos" might be the same person, but the text refers to her as "sua mulher" which is "his wife". So maybe "a vítima" and "sua mulher de 46 anos" are the same entity. But the example included both. Hmm, need to check the example again.

Looking back at the example input and output: in the example, "a aeronave" and "O avião" are separate entries. So even if they refer to the same thing, they are listed as separate. So in this case, "a vítima" and "sua mulher de 46 anos" might be the same person, but the text mentions both, so perhaps they are considered separate. Wait, but "sua mulher" is the victim. So maybe "a vítima" and "sua mulher de 46 anos" are the same entity. However, the example included both "a vítima" and "sua mulher de 46 anos" as separate entries. Wait, in the example input, the output includes "a aeronave" and "O avião" as separate entries. So even if they refer to the same thing, they are listed as separate. So here, "a vítima" and "sua mulher de 46 anos" might be the same, but the text refers to her as "sua mulher", so maybe they are considered separate. But perhaps the user wants to capture all mentions, even if they are the same entity. So I should list both.

Also, "a filha menor de ambos" – the minor daughter. That's another participant. Confidence 0.85.

So the entities would be:

- "a GNR" (0.95)
- "o homem" (0.9)
- "a vítima" (0.9)
- "sua mulher de 46 anos" (0.85)
- "a filha menor de ambos" (0.85)

Wait, but "sua mulher de 46 anos" is the same as "a vítima", so maybe they are the same. But the example included both "a aeronave" and "O avião" as separate. So perhaps even if they refer to the same entity, they are listed as separate. So I should include both "a vítima" and "sua mulher de 46 anos" as separate entries. However, in the example, "a aeronave" and "O avião" are both present, but in the input, "aeronave" and "avião" are synonyms. So maybe the user wants to capture all mentions, even if they are the same entity. Therefore, in this case, "a vítima" and "sua mulher de 46 anos" are both present, so they are separate entries.

Additionally, "o homem" is the aggressor, and "a filha menor de ambos" is the minor daughter present during the abuse. So those are the participants.

So the final list would be:

["a GNR", 0.95], ["o homem", 0.9], ["a vítima", 0.9], ["sua mulher de 46 anos", 0.85], ["a filha menor de ambos", 0.85]

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" is mentioned multiple times, each with their own entries. So even if the same location is mentioned multiple times, each instance is listed. So here, "a vítima" and "sua mulher de 46 anos" are both mentions of the same person, but they are separate entries. So I should include both.

Another thing: "a GNR" is an organization, so that's a participant. The man is an individual, the victim (his wife) is another individual, and the daughter is another individual. All are participants in the event. The confidence scores are based on how certain I am that they are participants. For "a GNR", it's a direct mention, so high confidence. The man, the victim, and the daughter are all directly involved, so high confidence as well. The daughter's mention is in the context of being present, so she's a participant as an observer or affected party. So the confidence for her is 0.85.
</think>

[["a GNR", 0.95], ["o homem", 0.9], ["a vítima", 0.9], ["sua mulher de 46 anos", 0.85], ["a filha menor de ambos", 0.85]]