<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence about the Coastal Control Unit seizing drugs and a vessel on a river in the Algarve, reported by GNR.

The participants are: "The Coastal Control Unit", "four tons of hashish", "a high-speed vessel", "the Guadiana River", "the Algarve", "the GNR."

Now, applying the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

Starting with "The Coastal Control Unit". This sounds like a unit within an organization, probably part of law enforcement. So that's an Organization.

Next, "four tons of hashish". Hashish is a drug, which is an object. The quantity doesn't change the class, so Object.

"a high-speed vessel" – a vessel is a physical object, so Object again.

"the Guadiana River" – a river is a natural feature, so Nature? Wait, but sometimes rivers are considered locations. Wait, the classes include Location. Let me check the example. In the example, "airport" was classified as Facility, and "Lisbon" as Pl_capital (which is a Location). So maybe "Guadiana River" is a Location. But the class "Nature" might be for natural elements. Hmm. The example didn't have a Nature class. Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So maybe "Guadiana River" is a Location. But if "Nature" is for natural phenomena, maybe it's Nature. But I'm not sure. Let me think. In the example, "airport" was Facility. A river is a natural body of water, so maybe Nature. But sometimes rivers are considered locations. This might be a bit ambiguous. Let me check the example again. The example had "airport" as Facility, "Lisbon" as Pl_capital (Location). So maybe "Guadiana River" is a Location. But I'm not certain. Alternatively, maybe it's a natural feature, so Nature. Hmm. Maybe I should go with Location here.

Next, "the Algarve" – that's a region in Portugal, so a Location.

"the GNR." – GNR is the National Republican Guard in Portugal, which is an organization. So Organization.

Wait, but in the example, "Lusa." was classified as Org. So "the GNR." would be Org as well.

So compiling the classifications:

- The Coastal Control Unit: Organization
- four tons of hashish: Object
- a high-speed vessel: Object
- the Guadiana River: Location (or Nature? Maybe Location)
- the Algarve: Location
- the GNR.: Organization

I think that's it. Let me double-check. The example had "airport" as Facility, which is a type of Location. So "Guadiana River" is a natural location, so maybe Location. I'll go with Location for that.
</think>

[["The Coastal Control Unit", "Org"], ["four tons of hashish", "Obj"], ["a high-speed vessel", "Obj"], ["the Guadiana River", "Loc"], ["the Algarve", "Loc"], ["the GNR.", "Org"]]