<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about the GNR detecting a vessel using a system called SIVICC. The participants to classify are GNR, the vessel, and the Integrated Surveillance, Command and Control System (SIVICC). 

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had entries like "Plane" classified as Object, "airport" as Facility, etc.

Starting with "GNR". From what I know, GNR is the Portuguese National Republican Guard, which is a law enforcement agency. So that should be an Organization.

Next, "the vessel". A vessel is a ship or boat, which is a physical object. So that's Object.

Then, "Integrated Surveillance, Command and Control System (SIVICC)". This sounds like a system or a facility, maybe a technical system used for surveillance. Since it's a system, it might be classified as a Facility. But wait, in the example, "airline Jota Aviation" was an Organization, and "airport" was a Facility. So a system like SIVICC might be a Facility because it's a system in place for control and surveillance. Alternatively, if it's a software or a network, maybe Object? Hmm. But the example had "Integrated Surveillance, Command and Control System (SIVICC)" in the input, and in the output, it's classified as Facility. Wait, no, in the example given in the task, the participants included "Integrated Surveillance, Command and Control System (SIVICC)" but the output wasn't shown. Wait, no, the example was different. Let me check again.

Wait, the example provided in the task had participants like "airport" classified as Facility. So SIVICC is a system, which is a type of facility. So I think "Integrated Surveillance, Command and Control System (SIVICC)" would be a Facility. 

So the classifications would be:

["GNR", "Org"], ["the vessel", "Obj"], ["Integrated Surveillance, Command and Control System (SIVICC)", "Fac"].

I need to make sure there's no other possible classifications. "GNR" is definitely an organization. "Vessel" is an object. The system is a facility. That seems right.
</think>

[["GNR", "Org"], ["the vessel", "Obj"], ["Integrated Surveillance, Command and Control System (SIVICC)", "Fac"]]