<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence: "There was no way to reverse the injury situation," said a Cometlis source." The participants to classify are "Cometlis" and "source".

First, I need to determine the classes for each. The classes available are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "Cometlis". The sentence mentions "a Cometlis source". The term "source" here likely refers to a person or organization providing information. Since "Cometlis" is paired with "source", it's probably the name of the organization. For example, if it's a company or entity that has a source, like a press release or a spokesperson. So "Cometlis" would be an Organization (Org).

Next, "source". In the context of the sentence, the source is the one speaking. The phrase "said a Cometlis source" indicates that the source is the speaker. However, the source could be a person or an organization. But since "Cometlis" is already classified as an organization, and the source is from Cometlis, it's possible that "source" here refers to a person representing the organization. However, sometimes "source" can be an organization itself, like a news source. But in this case, since it's "a Cometlis source", it's more likely that the source is a person affiliated with Cometlis. But wait, the example given in the initial task had "source" classified as "Per" (Person). For instance, in the example, "source" and "the same source" were classified as "Per". So following that example, "source" here would be a Person. However, sometimes "source" can be an organization, but in the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org, and "source" was Per. So maybe in this case, "source" is a person. Therefore, "source" would be Person (Per).

Wait, but the example had "source" as Per. Let me check again. In the example input, the participants included "source" and "the same source", and they were classified as "Per". So in this case, even though "source" could be an organization, the example treated it as a person. Therefore, here, "source" would be Per. 

So the classifications would be:
- Cometlis: Org
- source: Per

I need to make sure there's no other possible classification. "Cometlis" isn't a location or a facility. It's a proper noun, likely an organization. "Source" is a person in this context. So the final answer should be:

[["Cometlis", "Org"], ["source", "Per"]]
</think>

<Output>[["Cometlis", "Org"], ["source", "Per"]]</Output>