<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or affected by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo. The original input had "due to engine failure," so maybe "engine" is the correct entity, not "to engine." Hmm, but the example output includes "to engine," so I need to follow that pattern.

Looking at the input: "Dutch international Quincy Promes, an Ajax footballer, was arrested for allegedly stabbing a family member in July, Dutch media reported today, citing police sources."

First, identify all entities. Quincy Promes is a person, definitely a participant. Ajax is the football club, so that's an organization. Dutch media is a group or organization. Police sources would be an organization or group. The family member is a person, but the text says "a family member," which is a role, not a specific person. However, the example included "a stopped engine" as an entity, which is a noun phrase. So maybe "family member" is considered a participant here. Wait, but the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The family member is the victim here, so they are a participant. But since it's not a specific name, maybe it's not included? Or is it? The example included "a stopped engine," which is a noun phrase, not a specific entity. So maybe "family member" is included as well.

Also, "Dutch international" is a descriptor for Quincy Promes, so that's part of his title. "Ajax footballer" is another descriptor. The media is "Dutch media," which is an organization. "Police sources" is another organization or group. The date "July" is a time, not an entity. The word "today" is a time reference. The verb phrases like "was arrested," "allegedly stabbing" are actions, not entities.

So the entities would be: Quincy Promes, Ajax, Dutch media, police sources, family member. Let's check the example again. In the example, "engine" was included, "a stopped engine," "the aircraft," etc. So even if it's a noun phrase, even if it's a role, they are included. So "family member" would be included here. Also, "Dutch international" might be considered a title, but the example didn't include titles like "Public Security Police" was included as a source. Wait, in the example, "a Public Security Police" was included. So maybe the descriptors are included as entities if they are part of the name. For example, "Dutch international Quincy Promes" would have "Quincy Promes" as the main entity, and "Dutch international" as a descriptor. But the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So maybe the entire noun phrase is considered an entity. Wait, in the example, "a Public Security Police" is included, but "Public Security Police" is the name of the organization. So perhaps the user wants all noun phrases that refer to entities, even if they are descriptors. So in this case, "Dutch international Quincy Promes" would be split into "Dutch international" and "Quincy Promes"? But the example didn't split them. Wait, in the example input, the first entity was "Plane" and then "to engine," which seems like a mistake. But the output included "Plane", "to engine", "A plane", etc. So maybe the user is looking for all noun phrases, even if they are not full names. So in the current input, "Dutch international Quincy Promes" would be split into "Dutch international" and "Quincy Promes" as separate entities? But that might not be correct. Alternatively, "Quincy Promes" is the main entity, and "Dutch international" is a descriptor, but the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So perhaps the entire noun phrase is considered, even if it's a descriptor. So "Dutch international Quincy Promes" would be "Dutch international Quincy Promes" as a single entity? But that's a bit long. However, the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So maybe the user wants all noun phrases that are entities, even if they are not full names. Therefore, in this case, "Dutch international Quincy Promes" would be considered as one entity, but the example split "A plane" and "the aircraft" as separate entities. So perhaps each occurrence of a noun phrase is considered. So "Quincy Promes" is the main entity, "Ajax" is another, "Dutch media," "police sources," "family member." Also, "Dutch international" might be considered as an entity, but it's a descriptor. However, the example included "a Public Security Police" which is a descriptor. So maybe "Dutch international" is included as an entity. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, the user might want only the actual names of entities. So "Quincy Promes" is a person, "Ajax" is an organization, "Dutch media" is an organization, "police sources" is an organization, and "family member" is a person. So the list would be: ["Quincy Promes", "Ajax", "Dutch media", "police sources", "family member"]. Now, for confidence scores. "Quincy Promes" is definitely a participant, so 1.0. "Ajax" is the football club, 1.0. "Dutch media" is the organization reporting, 0.9. "Police sources" is cited, so 0.9. "Family member" is the victim, but since it's not a specific person, maybe lower confidence, like 0.7. However, the example included "a stopped engine" with 1.0, so maybe even if it's a role, it's included with high confidence. So maybe "family member" is 0.8. Also, "Dutch international" might be a title, but the example included "Public Security Police" as an entity. So maybe "Dutch international" is part of the entity. Wait, in the input, it's "Dutch international Quincy Promes, an Ajax footballer..." So "Dutch international" is a title for Quincy Promes. But the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So maybe "Dutch international" is considered an entity here. But that's a bit unclear. Alternatively, the user might want only the actual names. So "Quincy Promes" is the person, and "Dutch international" is a descriptor, not an entity. But the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity, which is a descriptor. So perhaps the user wants all noun phrases that are entities, even if they are descriptors. Therefore, "Dutch international" would be an entity. But that seems odd. Alternatively, the user might have made a mistake in the example, and "to engine" should be "engine." But I have to follow the example. So in the example, "to engine" was included, which is a prepositional phrase. So maybe the user is looking for all noun phrases, even if they are not full names. Therefore, in this case, "Dutch international Quincy Promes" would be split into "Dutch international" and "Quincy Promes" as separate entities. But that might not be correct. Alternatively, the entire phrase is considered as one entity. However, the example had "A plane" and "the aircraft" as separate entities. So in this case, "Dutch international Quincy Promes" would be "Dutch international Quincy Promes" as one entity, and "Ajax footballer" as another. But that might be overcomplicating. The user might just want the main entities. So I think the correct approach is to list the main participants: Quincy Promes, Ajax, Dutch media, police sources, family member. Assigning confidence scores: Quincy Promes is 1.0, Ajax is 1.0, Dutch media is 0.9, police sources is 0.9, family member is 0.8. Also, "Dutch international" might be considered, but I'm not sure. The example included "Public Security Police" as an entity, which is a group. So "Dutch international" is a title, but not an entity. So maybe not. Therefore, the final list would be the five entities mentioned.
</think>

[["Quincy Promes", 1.0], ["Ajax", 1.0], ["Dutch media", 0.9], ["police sources", 0.9], ["family member", 0.8]]