<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and they might be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "According to the daily De Telegraaf, after a strong argument during a family celebration, Promes stabbed the victim in the neck, leaving him seriously injured."

Breaking this down, the main entities here are:

1. "De Telegraaf" – this is a newspaper, so an organization. It's mentioned as the source, so it's a participant.
2. "Promes" – likely a person's name. The subject who committed the act. High confidence here.
3. "the victim" – the person who was stabbed. This is an individual, though not named, so inferred from context.
4. "the neck" – part of the body, not a participant. Probably not included.
5. "family celebration" – an event, but not an entity. Maybe not a participant.
6. "he" – refers back to the victim. But since the victim is already mentioned as "the victim," maybe "he" is redundant here. However, the example output included "the same source" and "source," so maybe pronouns are included if they refer to a participant.

Wait, the example output included "the same source" and "source" as separate entities. So in this case, "he" refers to the victim, but the victim is already listed as "the victim." Should "he" be included? The example didn't have pronouns, but maybe if the pronoun refers to a participant, it's included. However, the example output didn't include pronouns like "he" or "him." Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "a Public Security Police" and "the same source," but not pronouns. So maybe pronouns aren't considered participants unless they are explicitly named. So "he" might not be included here. The victim is "the victim," and "he" is just a pronoun referring to that entity. So maybe just "the victim" is the participant.

Also, "family celebration" is an event, not an entity. So not a participant. "Strong argument" is an action, not an entity. So not included.

So the participants would be:

- De Telegraaf (organization)
- Promes (individual)
- the victim (individual)

But wait, the example output included "the airports" as a participant. So even if it's a plural noun, if it's part of the context, it's included. But in this case, "family celebration" is an event, not an entity. So maybe not.

Now, confidence scores. "De Telegraaf" is a known newspaper, so high confidence (0.95). "Promes" is a name, so high confidence (0.9). "the victim" is inferred, but since the text says "the victim," it's explicitly mentioned, so confidence around 0.8. However, in the example, "the same source" was included with 0.85. So maybe similar confidence here.

Wait, the example output had "the same source" as a participant. So in this case, "the victim" is a participant. Also, "the victim" is a noun phrase, so that's included. The pronoun "him" refers to the victim but is not included as a separate entity.

So the final list would be:

["De Telegraaf", 0.95], ["Promes", 0.9], ["the victim", 0.8]

But wait, the example output included "airport" as a participant. So maybe "family celebration" isn't a participant, but "De Telegraaf" is. Let me check the example again. The example input had "Humberto Delgado Airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So places are included. But "family celebration" is an event, not a place or organization. So probably not a participant.

So the answer should be the three entities mentioned above.
</think>

[["De Telegraaf", 0.95], ["Promes", 0.9], ["the victim", 0.8]]