<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Some of those present at the party stood between the two, which would have prevented a more serious outcome."

First, I need to identify entities here. The sentence mentions "those present at the party" and "the two." The rest is about their actions and the outcome.

"Those present at the party" refers to people at the party. But the term "those" is a pronoun, so maybe the actual participants are the people present. However, the phrase is a bit vague. The user's example included "Plane" and "engine" as entities, even if they were parts of the event. So maybe "those present at the party" is a group, but since it's not a specific name, the confidence might be lower. Alternatively, "the two" could be individuals, but again, without specific names, it's ambiguous.

In the example, entities like "a Public Security Police" and "airline Jota Aviation" were included. Here, "the two" might be considered participants, even if not named. But the confidence would be lower because they are not explicitly identified. "Those present at the party" is a group, but again, not a specific entity. The outcome is prevented, but the participants are the ones involved in the action (standing between the two). 

So possible entities: "those present at the party," "the two." Maybe "party" as a location or event. But the task is about participants, so the people involved. However, without specific names, the confidence is low. The example included "source" and "the same source" as entities, even if they were roles. So maybe "those present at the party" and "the two" are the participants here. 

I need to make sure each entity is a string and the confidence is between 0 and 1. For "those present at the party," confidence might be 0.5 because it's a group but not named. "the two" could be 0.4, as they are not identified. "party" might be considered an event, but not sure if it's a participant. The example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as entities, so maybe "party" is an event, but the participants are the people. However, the user's example included "airport" as an entity. 

Alternatively, maybe "the two" refers to two individuals, so they are participants. But without names, it's uncertain. The output should include all possible entities as per the definition. So perhaps:

["those present at the party", 0.5], ["the two", 0.4], ["party", 0.3]

But I need to check if "party" is a participant. The definition says participants are involved or impacted. The party is the event, so maybe not a participant but a location. The example included "airport" as an entity, which is a location. So maybe "party" is included as a location. However, the user's example had "airport" as an entity. 

Alternatively, the participants are the people present and the two individuals. But since they are not named, the confidence is low. So the final answer would be the two groups mentioned, even if not named, with low confidence.
</think>

[["those present at the party", 0.5], ["the two", 0.4]]