<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand each of the classes and how they apply to the given entities. Let me start by reviewing the classes again to make sure I have them right.

The classes are: Per, Org, Obj, Nat, Fac, Veh, Path, Pl_water, Pl_celestial, Pl_mountain, Pl_civil, Pl_country, Pl_mount_range, Pl_capital, Pl_region, Pl_state, Loc, Other. 

The participants to classify are ["The complaint", "an investigation", "an arrest", "a police source", "that newspaper"].

Starting with "The complaint". A complaint is a statement or formal expression of a grievance. It's not a person, organization, or physical object. It might be considered an event or a legal document. Since it's not a tangible object, maybe it's under Other? Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved in an event. The complaint is the reason for the investigation, so it's an event or a legal action. But according to the classes, Other is for entities not fitting other categories. Since "complaint" isn't a person, organization, object, etc., maybe Other. But I need to check if there's a better fit. Maybe "event" isn't a class here. The example given for Other was "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt), which is a sensory experience. So "The complaint" might be an event, but since there's no class for event, it would fall under Other. But wait, the example output for similar entities might have different classifications. Let me think again. The complaint is an abstract concept, not a physical object or a person. So Other seems right. Confidence maybe around 0.7.

Next, "an investigation". Investigation is an action or process, not a physical entity. So again, this would be Other. But wait, the example in the task had "event" as part of the input, but the classes don't have an event category. So "investigation" is an event, which would be Other. Confidence around 0.8.

"an arrest" is similar. It's an event, so Other. Confidence 0.8.

"a police source" – this is a person or a group providing information. Since it's a source, it's a person (Per) or an organization (Org). The example had "a Public Security Police" as Org. Here, "a police source" is likely a person, so Per. But if it's an official source from a police department, maybe Org. However, the term "source" usually refers to an individual, so Per. Confidence 0.9.

"that newspaper" – a newspaper is an organization, so Org. The example had "Lusa." as Org, which is a news agency. So "that newspaper" is Org. Confidence 0.95.

Wait, but in the example given in the task, "Lusa." was classified as Org. So "that newspaper" would be Org. Let me check again. The classes for Org include companies, governments, teams, institutions. A newspaper is a company or institution, so Org. Yes, that's correct.

So compiling all:

- The complaint: Other (0.7)
- an investigation: Other (0.8)
- an arrest: Other (0.8)
- a police source: Per (0.9)
- that newspaper: Org (0.95)

I need to make sure there's no other possible class. For example, "arrest" could be an action, but since there's no class for actions, Other is the right choice. Similarly, "investigation" is a process, so Other. "Complaint" is a legal document or statement, but not a physical object, so Other. "Police source" is a person, so Per. "Newspaper" is an organization, so Org.
</think>

[["The complaint", "Other", 0.7], ["an investigation", "Other", 0.8], ["an arrest", "Other", 0.8], ["a police source", "Per", 0.9], ["that newspaper", "Org", 0.95]]