<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, though that might be a typo. Wait, in the example input, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a mistake. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "to engine" and "a stopped engine". Hmm, maybe "to engine" is a typo for "engine failure" or something else. But the user's example output includes "to engine" with confidence 0.8, so maybe that's part of the original text. Wait, the input was "due to engine failure", so "to engine" might be a fragment. But the user's example output includes "to engine" as a participant. That's confusing. Maybe the user made a mistake in the example, but I need to follow their instructions as given.

Now, looking at the current input: "The 28-year-old forward represented the Dutch national team in 40 games, in which he scored seven goals."

First, identify the participants. The main entities here are the forward (the individual), the Dutch national team (the group), and possibly the games (though games are events, not participants). The sentence says the forward represented the team, so the team is a participant. The forward is an individual participant. The games are part of the event, but are they considered participants? According to the definition, participants are those involved or impacted. The games are the context in which the action happens, but maybe not participants themselves. The user's example included "airport" and "aircraft" as participants, so maybe locations and objects are included. However, in the current input, the main participants are the forward and the Dutch national team. The "40 games" might be an event, but not a participant. The "he" refers to the forward, so that's already captured. The "Dutch national team" is an organization. The "forward" is an individual. So the participants would be "The 28-year-old forward", "the Dutch national team", and maybe "the games" if they are considered. But the example didn't include "games" as participants. Let me check the example again. The example input had "airport" and "aircraft" as participants, so maybe locations and objects are included. However, in the current input, "games" are events, not entities. So perhaps only the forward and the Dutch national team. The user's example included "source" and "Lusa" as participants, which are entities. So in this case, the forward and the Dutch national team are the main participants. The numbers (40 games, seven goals) are not entities. So the output should be those two entities with confidence scores. Let me assign confidence. The forward is clearly mentioned, so 1.0. The Dutch national team is also explicitly mentioned, so 1.0. I don't see any other entities. The "he" refers to the forward, so no need to list that. The "Dutch national team" is a group. So the JSON array would be those two entries.
</think>

[["The 28-year-old forward", 1.0], ["the Dutch national team", 1.0]]