<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, so I need to be careful with phrases that might be parts of larger entities.

First, I'll read the input sentence: "Professional since 2012, at Twente, he also played for Spartak Moscow and Seville, before signing for Ajax in 2019/20."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the teams and the individual. The person is referred to as "he," but since there's no name, maybe "he" isn't considered a participant here. The teams mentioned are Twente, Spartak Moscow, Seville, and Ajax. Also, the time periods like "since 2012" and "2019/20" might be considered as part of the context but not participants. However, the example includes "2012" as part of the entity, but looking back, in the example given, they included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities. Wait, in the example, "engine" was part of the entity. So maybe any noun phrase that's a participant is included.

Wait, the example output included "to engine" as an entity. That seems odd. Maybe the user is considering parts of phrases as separate entities. But in the example, "to engine" might be a typo or a mistake. However, the user's example output includes "to engine" with confidence 0.85. So perhaps the task is to extract all noun phrases that could be participants, even if they're parts of larger phrases.

So, in the input sentence, the teams are Twente, Spartak Moscow, Seville, Ajax. The person is "he," but since there's no name, maybe "he" is not considered a participant. However, the example includes "source" as an entity. In the example, "source" was part of the text, so maybe pronouns like "he" are included if they refer to a participant. But in this case, the sentence doesn't mention the person's name, so maybe "he" isn't a participant. Alternatively, maybe "he" is considered a participant, but since there's no name, the confidence would be low.

Wait, the example output includes "source" as an entity. So in the input, "a Public Security Police source" is considered as "source" with confidence. So maybe any noun that's a participant, even if it's a pronoun or a role. But in this case, "he" is a pronoun referring to a person, but since the name isn't given, maybe it's not included. However, the user's example includes "the same source" as an entity. So perhaps "he" is not included here because there's no specific name or organization.

So the main participants here are the teams: Twente, Spartak Moscow, Seville, Ajax. Also, the time periods might be considered as part of the context, but the example didn't include years as entities. Wait, in the example, "2012" wasn't included. The example output had "Lisbon" and "England" as entities. So maybe only proper nouns or named entities are considered. So Twente, Spartak Moscow, Seville, Ajax are proper nouns, so they are participants. The years might not be considered participants. 

So the output would be the teams: Twente, Spartak Moscow, Seville, Ajax. Also, "he" might be considered, but since there's no name, maybe not. Let me check the example again. The example included "source" as an entity. In the input, "a Public Security Police source" was extracted as "source" with confidence. So even if it's a role, it's included. But in this case, "he" is a pronoun, not a role. So maybe "he" is not included. 

Therefore, the participants are the teams: Twente, Spartak Moscow, Seville, Ajax. Each of these should be in the list with confidence. The confidence for each would be high, maybe 0.9 or 1.0. But since the example had "engine" with 0.85, maybe I should be cautious. However, in the example, "engine" was part of a larger phrase. Here, the teams are clear. So I'll list each team with high confidence. Also, "Twente" is a club, "Spartak Moscow" is a club, "Seville" is a club (Seville FC?), and "Ajax" is a club. So all are participants. 

So the final list would be ["Twente", 1.0], ["Spartak Moscow", 1.0], ["Seville", 1.0], ["Ajax", 1.0]. But wait, the example included "the same source" as an entity. In this case, the user might also consider "he" as a participant, but without a name, it's unclear. However, the example didn't include pronouns unless they were part of a named entity. So maybe "he" is not included. 

Therefore, the answer should be the four teams with high confidence.
</think>

[["Twente", 0.95], ["Spartak Moscow", 0.95], ["Seville", 0.9], ["Ajax", 0.95]]