<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. Let me start by understanding each participant and the context they're in.

First, the input sentence: "A Indonésia ilegalizou hoje um grupo muçulmano responsável por atos de vandalismo contra embaixadas ocidentais e locais de culto não islâmicos." Translating that, it says Indonesia has outlawed a Muslim group responsible for vandalism against Western embassies and non-Islamic places of worship.

Now, the participants to classify are:
1. "A Indonésia"
2. "um grupo muçulmano"
3. "embaixadas ocidentais"
4. "locais de culto não islâmicos"

Let's go one by one.

1. "A Indonésia" – This is the country Indonesia. The class for countries is usually Location, but looking at the example given earlier, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital" (which I assume stands for "Place - Capital"). However, in the classes provided, the options are Location, so maybe "Location" is the broader category. But the example had "Pl_capital" as a subclass. Wait, the user's example output used "Pl_capital" as a class, but the main classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Hmm, maybe in the example, they used more specific subclasses under Location, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Wait, looking back at the user's instruction:

The classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other.

But in the example output, they have entries like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", "Pl_country". That seems conflicting. Wait, maybe that was a mistake in the example? Because the user's instruction says to use the main classes, but the example output uses more specific subclasses. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes listed: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example had a mistake, and we should stick to the main classes.

So, for "A Indonésia", which is a country, the class would be Location.

2. "um grupo muçulmano" – This is a Muslim group. A group can be an Organization. The example had "companhia aérea Jota Aviation" as an Organization, so a group would also be an Organization.

3. "embaixadas ocidentais" – These are Western embassies. Embassies are facilities, so the class would be Facility.

4. "locais de culto não islâmicos" – These are non-Islamic places of worship. Places of worship are typically considered Locations, but maybe Facilities? Wait, the example had "aeroporto" as Facility. An airport is a facility. A place of worship could be a building, so maybe Facility. However, sometimes places of worship are considered Locations. But in the example, "aeroporto" was classified as Facility, so maybe "locais de culto" would also be Facility. Alternatively, if the classification is more about the type of entity, a place of worship is a location. Hmm. Let me think again. The class "Facility" in the example was used for "aeroporto" (airport), which is a facility. "locais de culto" are places where religious activities happen, so they are facilities. So I think Facility is the correct class here.

Wait, but the user's example had "locais de culto não islâmicos" as part of the input, but in the example given, the participants included "locais de culto não islâmicos" and the output was "Fac". Wait, no, the example I was given earlier was different. Let me check again.

Wait, the user provided an example where the input was about an airplane emergency, and the participants included "aeroporto" which was classified as "Fac", "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", etc. But in the current task, the user is asking to use the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "locais de culto" would be a Location or a Facility. Since they are places, maybe Location. But embassies were classified as Facility in the example. Hmm, maybe the key is that embassies are buildings (facilities), while places of worship are also buildings (facilities). So both "embaixadas" and "locais de culto" would be Facilities.

But I need to be careful. Let me check the example again. In the example input, "aeroporto" was classified as "Fac", which is correct. "Lisboa" was "Pl_capital", which is a subclass of Location. However, the user's instruction says to use the main classes, not the subclasses. But in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" as a class, which is not in the main list. Wait, this is confusing. The user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example output, they have entries like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", "Pl_country", which are not in the main list. This seems contradictory. However, the user's example output might have been a mistake, and the correct approach is to use the main classes as listed. Therefore, "Lisboa" would be "Location", not "Pl_capital".

So, going back to the current task:

"A Indonésia" – Country, so Location.

"um grupo muçulmano" – Organization.

"embaixadas ocidentais" – Embassies are facilities, so Facility.

"locais de culto não islâmicos" – Places of worship are facilities, so Facility.

Wait, but maybe "locais de culto" are considered Locations. However, in the example, "aeroporto" was a Facility. So if embassies are Facilities, then places of worship would also be Facilities. Therefore, the classifications would be:

["A Indonésia", "Location"], ["um grupo muçulmano", "Organization"], ["embaixadas ocidentais", "Facility"], ["locais de culto não islâmicos", "Facility"].

But I need to make sure that "locais de culto" are not considered as Objects. However, "Object" is for physical objects, not places. So Facilities are more appropriate here.
</think>

[["A Indonésia", "Location"], ["um grupo muçulmano", "Organization"], ["embaixadas ocidentais", "Facility"], ["locais de culto não islâmicos", "Facility"]]