<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the participants listed into the given classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, I'll look at the input sentence again to understand the context. The sentence talks about a radical group wanting to implement Islamic law (sharia) in Indonesia, a country with 230 million Muslims. The group has been expanding its influence among the population in recent years through humanitarian and charity missions.

Now, the participants to classify are: "O grupo radical", "Indonésia", and "população".

Starting with "O grupo radical". The term "grupo radical" translates to "radical group". Since it's a group, that's likely an Organization. But wait, the classes include Organization, so that's probably correct. However, sometimes "group" can be a Person if it's a specific individual, but here it's a collective, so Organization makes sense.

Next, "Indonésia" is the country's name. The class for countries is Location, specifically under Pl_country. So that should be Location.

Then "população" means "population". Population is a group of people, but the classes don't have a specific category for population. The options are Person, Organization, etc. Since "população" refers to people collectively, but the class "Person" is for individuals, not groups. However, the example given in the task had "Lisboa" classified as Pl_capital, which is a Location. But "população" is not a place. Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Since "população" isn't a person, organization, object, location, or facility, maybe it falls under Other? But the example had "fonte" (source) classified as Person. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "população" is considered a collective noun, but the classes don't have a specific for that. The closest might be Person, but that's for individuals. Alternatively, "Other" if none fit. But I need to check the example again.

Looking back at the example, "fonte" was classified as Person, even though it's a source, which might be an organization. But in the example, "fonte" was classified as Person. Wait, the example's output had ["fonte", "Per"], so "Per" is Person. So maybe "população" is a collective noun, but since it's not a specific person or organization, maybe it's Other? Or maybe it's considered a Person? But that seems off. Alternatively, maybe "população" is a Location? No, that doesn't make sense. So perhaps "Other" is the correct class here.

Wait, the classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "população" is a group of people, but not an organization. So maybe "Other" is the right choice here. Alternatively, if the system allows, maybe "Person" is used for groups, but that's not standard. The example had "fonte" as Person, which might be a person, but in the input, it's "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública", so the source is from the police, which is an organization. But the classification was "Per" for "fonte". That's a bit confusing. Maybe "fonte" refers to a person, even though it's a source. So in this case, "população" is a group of people, but not an organization or a specific person. So maybe "Other" is the best fit here.

So, putting it all together:

- "O grupo radical" is an Organization.
- "Indonésia" is a Location (country).
- "população" is Other.

I need to make sure I'm not missing any nuances. Let me check again. The group is an organization, the country is a location, and the population is a collective noun that doesn't fit into the other categories, so Other.
</think>

[["O grupo radical", "Org"], ["Indonésia", "Pl_country"], ["população", "Other"]]