<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" is listed, but maybe that's a typo. The user's example output includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entities. Hmm, maybe the model is splitting parts of phrases, but I need to be careful.

Looking at the input: "In a statement, the Castelo Branco Territorial Command explains that the arrest of the 52-year-old man was carried out on Thursday, through the Criminal Investigation Center (NIC) of Idanha-a-Nova."

First, identify the entities. The main participants here are:

1. Castelo Branco Territorial Command – this is an organization, definitely a participant as they made the statement.
2. the 52-year-old man – the individual arrested, so a participant.
3. Criminal Investigation Center (NIC) – an organization involved in the arrest.
4. Idanha-a-Nova – a location, part of the NIC's name, so maybe an entity.
5. The statement – but the example didn't include "statement" as an entity, so maybe not. The user's example included "source" and "the same source," so maybe "statement" isn't a participant here.
6. Thursday – a time, not a participant.
7. The arrest – an event, but not an entity. The example included "emergency landing" as part of the entities, but in the output, it's "plane" and "engine" etc. So maybe the event itself isn't an entity unless it's a named entity.

Wait, the example output includes "engine" as an entity, even though it's a part of the event. So perhaps any noun phrase that's a participant, even if it's a part of the event. So in this case, the arrest is an event, but the participants are the entities involved in it.

So, the entities here would be:

- Castelo Branco Territorial Command (organization)
- 52-year-old man (individual)
- Criminal Investigation Center (NIC) (organization)
- Idanha-a-Nova (location, part of the NIC's name)
- The statement (maybe, but in the example, "source" was included, so perhaps "statement" is not a participant here. The example's input had "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source," so "source" was included. In this case, the statement is made by the Castelo Branco Territorial Command, so maybe "statement" is not a participant but the entity making it is.

So, the participants are the Castelo Branco Territorial Command, the 52-year-old man, the Criminal Investigation Center (NIC), and Idanha-a-Nova. Also, the NIC is part of the location, so maybe "Idanha-a-Nova" is a participant as the location where the NIC is based.

Wait, the user's example included "Lisbon" as an entity multiple times. So locations are included. So "Idanha-a-Nova" is a location, so it's a participant.

Now, confidence levels. For "Castelo Branco Territorial Command," that's a proper noun, so high confidence (0.95). The 52-year-old man is mentioned, but the age is a descriptor. The entity is "the 52-year-old man," so confidence might be 0.8. The NIC is an organization, so 0.95. "Idanha-a-Nova" is a place, 0.9. The example included "Lusa." with a period, but here, the input doesn't have a period after "Idanha-a-Nova," so maybe just "Idanha-a-Nova" without the period. Wait, the input says "of Idanha-a-Nova." with a space before the 'o' in 'of', but that's probably a typo. So the entity is "Idanha-a-Nova" as a location. The example included "Lisbon" as an entity, so same here.

So the final list would be:

["Castelo Branco Territorial Command", 0.95], ["the 52-year-old man", 0.8], ["Criminal Investigation Center (NIC)", 0.95], ["Idanha-a-Nova", 0.9]

Wait, but in the example, they included "the same source" as an entity. Here, the statement is made by the Castelo Branco Territorial Command, but the example didn't include "statement" as an entity. So maybe "statement" isn't a participant here. Also, the user's example included "source" as an entity, which was "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source." So in this case, the Castelo Branco Territorial Command is the one making the statement, but the statement itself is not an entity. So I think the correct entities are the ones I listed.
</think>

[["Castelo Branco Territorial Command", 0.95], ["the 52-year-old man", 0.8], ["Criminal Investigation Center (NIC)", 0.95], ["Idanha-a-Nova", 0.9]]