<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, which seems a bit odd, but maybe that's because they were part of the event description.

Looking at the input sentence: "This action was reinforced by soldiers from the GNR Territorial Post of Idanha-a-Nova". 

First, I need to identify all the entities here. The main participants would be the soldiers and the GNR Territorial Post. "GNR" is likely a known entity, maybe a police or military force. "Idanha-a-Nova" is a place, so that's a location. The sentence mentions soldiers from a specific post, so the post itself is an entity. 

Wait, the example included "the same source" as an entity, so maybe any noun phrases that refer to entities. Let's break it down:

- "soldiers" – they are participants as they are involved in the action.
- "GNR Territorial Post of Idanha-a-Nova" – this is an organization or a specific unit.
- "Idanha-a-Nova" – the location, but is it a participant? The definition says participants can be impacted or involved. Since the post is in that location, maybe the location is part of the entity name. Alternatively, maybe just the post is the entity, and the location is part of its name. 

In the example, "Humberto Delgado Airport" was included as an entity. So here, "GNR Territorial Post of Idanha-a-Nova" is a single entity. Also, "soldiers" is a group. 

I need to check if "GNR" is an acronym that should be expanded. But the user didn't mention expanding acronyms, so maybe just take it as is. 

Confidence levels: "soldiers" is definitely a participant, confidence high. "GNR Territorial Post of Idanha-a-Nova" is a specific entity, confidence high. "Idanha-a-Nova" might be part of the post's name, so maybe not a separate entity. The example included "Lisbon" as an entity, but in that case, it was part of the airport's name. Here, the location is part of the post's name, so maybe not a separate entity. 

Wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was listed twice, once as part of the airport and once as a standalone. But in this case, "Idanha-a-Nova" is part of the post's name, so perhaps it's included as part of the entity. 

So the entities would be "soldiers" and "GNR Territorial Post of Idanha-a-Nova". 

Wait, the example also included "source" and "the same source" as entities. Here, the sentence doesn't mention a source, so maybe not. 

So the final list would be:

["soldiers", 0.95], ["GNR Territorial Post of Idanha-a-Nova", 0.9]

I think that's it. Let me double-check. The action was reinforced by the soldiers, so they are participants. The GNR post is the organization providing the soldiers. The location is part of the post's name, so not a separate entity. No other entities mentioned.
</think>

[["soldiers", 0.95], ["GNR Territorial Post of Idanha-a-Nova", 0.9]]