<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. So I need to look for all such entities mentioned, either explicitly or inferred.

First, the input is: "Soumaila Cissé, leader of Mali's opposition, died today in France, where he was transferred for treatment against Covid-19," a family member told Agence France-Presse (AFP)."

Breaking it down. The main event is Soumaila Cissé's death. The participants here would be:

1. Soumaila Cissé – definitely a person involved, the main subject.
2. Mali's opposition – a group he's associated with, so that's a participant.
3. France – the country where he died and was treated.
4. The family member – the one who provided the information.
5. Agence France-Presse (AFP) – the news agency quoted.

Now, checking for other possible entities. The mention of "Covid-19" is a disease, but the definition includes entities impacted. However, the example given in the task didn't include diseases, so maybe that's not a participant here. The treatment is part of the event but not an entity. 

Also, "leader of Mali's opposition" – the role is mentioned, but the actual group is "Mali's opposition." So I should include that as an entity. 

The output example had entries like "a Public Security Police" and "airline Jota Aviation," so proper nouns and organizations are included. So "Agence France-Presse (AFP)" is an organization, so that's a participant. 

Confidence levels: Soumaila Cissé is clearly mentioned, so 1.0. Mali's opposition is explicitly stated, 1.0. France is the location, 1.0. Family member is the speaker, 0.9. AFP is the news agency, 1.0. 

Wait, the example output included "the same source" as an entity. Here, the family member is the source, so maybe "a family member" is the entity. But in the example, they included "source" and "the same source." So maybe "family member" is the entity here. But the example had "source" as a separate entity. However, in the input, it's "a family member told AFP," so "family member" is the speaker, which is a participant. 

So the list would be:

- "Soumaila Cissé", 1.0
- "Mali's opposition", 1.0
- "France", 1.0
- "a family member", 0.9
- "Agence France-Presse (AFP)", 1.0

Wait, the example output included "Lusa." as an entity, which is a news agency. Similarly, here "Agence France-Presse (AFP)" is the news agency, so that's included. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The user's example included "the same source" as an entity, but here the source is "a family member." So that's the participant. 

So the final JSON list should have these entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Soumaila Cissé", 1.0], ["Mali's opposition", 1.0], ["France", 1.0], ["a family member", 0.9], ["Agence France-Presse (AFP)", 1.0]]