<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. So first, I need to read the input carefully.

The input is: "Malian opposition figure Soumaila Cissé was kidnapped on March 25, while campaigning for legislative elections in the Tumbuktu region (Northwest)."

Breaking it down, the main event is the kidnapping of Soumaila Cissé. The participants here would be the person involved, which is Soumaila Cissé. Then, there's the Malian opposition figure, which is a role or group he's part of. The Tumbuktu region and Northwest are locations, but are they considered participants? The definition says entities impacted by the event. Since the kidnapping happened in Tumbuktu, maybe the region is a participant. But I'm not sure if locations count as participants here. The example given in the task included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants, so maybe locations are included.

Also, "legislative elections" is an event, but the participants are the ones involved. The opposition figure is campaigning for elections, so maybe the elections themselves aren't a participant, but the region where it's happening is. 

Looking at the example output, they included "airport" and "Lisbon" as entities. So I should include locations. Then, the Malian opposition figure is a group or role, so "Malian opposition" and "Soumaila Cissé" as individuals. Also, the Tumbuktu region and Northwest (as a region) might be included. 

Wait, the example also had "the same source" and "Lusa" as participants. In this case, the input doesn't mention any sources or organizations, so maybe just the people and places. 

So possible participants: Soumaila Cissé, Malian opposition, Tumbuktu region, Northwest, legislative elections? Hmm, but the elections are the event, not a participant. The region is where the event happened, so maybe it's a participant. 

Confidence levels: Soumaila Cissé is definitely a participant (1.0). Malian opposition figure is a role, but the entity here is "Malian opposition" (maybe 0.9). Tumbuktu region and Northwest as locations (0.8 each). The legislative elections are part of the context but not a participant. 

Wait, the example included "the airports" and "Farnborough, England, Lisbon" as participants. So locations are included. So in this case, Tumbuktu region and Northwest (as part of the region) should be included. 

So the final list would be: ["Soumaila Cissé", 1.0], ["Malian opposition", 0.9], ["Tumbuktu region", 0.8], ["Northwest", 0.8]. 

Wait, but the input says "Tumbuktu region (Northwest)" so maybe "Northwest" is a part of Tumbuktu region, so maybe just Tumbuktu region. But the example included both "Farnborough" and "England" as separate entities. So maybe both Tumbuktu region and Northwest are included. 

Also, "legislative elections" is an event, but not a participant. So I think the answer should be the person, the opposition group, and the locations.
</think>

[["Soumaila Cissé", 1.0], ["Malian opposition", 0.9], ["Tumbuktu region", 0.8], ["Northwest", 0.7]]