<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input sentence and the participants listed. The sentence is about someone being released after captivity by jihadists along with others in exchange for detainees.

Starting with "He" – this is a pronoun referring to a person, so that's a Per (person) entity. Confidence is high here, maybe 0.95.

Next, "jihadists" – this is a group, but are they an organization? The term "jihadists" can refer to individuals or groups, but in this context, it's more likely referring to a group or organization, so Org. But wait, the example given in the classes for Org includes companies, governments, etc. However, "jihadists" might be considered a group rather than an organization. Hmm, maybe Per? But the example for Per is human individuals or characters. Since "jihadists" is plural, it's a group of people, so maybe Per? Wait, the classes don't have a group category. The Org class is for organizations. But "jihadists" might not be an official organization. Maybe Other? Wait, the example for Other is "um cheiro a queimado" which is a smell. So perhaps "jihadists" is a group, but not an organization. Wait, the definition says participants can be groups. But the classes don't have a group category. Let me check the classes again. The classes are Per (individuals or divine), Org (organizations), Obj (objects), Nat (natural entities), etc. So if "jihadists" is a group of people, maybe they are considered Per? But Per is for individuals. Wait, the example for Per is "O rapaz" (the boy), which is an individual. So if "jihadists" is a group, maybe it's not Per. Alternatively, if they are considered an organization, but that's a stretch. Maybe Other? But the example for Other is a smell. Hmm, this is tricky. Maybe the safest is to classify "jihadists" as Per, even though it's a group, since there's no group category. Alternatively, if the system allows, maybe Org. But I'm not sure. Let me think again. The example given for Org is "A EDP" which is a company. "Jihadists" is more of a movement or group, not an organization. So perhaps Other? But the example for Other is a smell. Wait, the definition says participants can be groups. So maybe "jihadists" is a group, but the classes don't have a group category. Maybe it's considered Per? Or maybe it's considered an Org if it's an organized group. This is a bit ambiguous. I'll go with Per, as they are human individuals, even if referred to as a group. Confidence around 0.8.

"Frenchwoman Sophie Pétronin" – this is a person, so Per. High confidence, 0.95.

"two Italians" – this refers to two individuals, so Per. Confidence 0.95.

"200 released detainees" – these are people, so Per. But the term "detainees" is a group. However, the classification for Per includes individuals. Since it's plural, but each is an individual, maybe Per. Alternatively, if the system allows, maybe Other? But the example for Other is a smell. So I think Per is correct here. Confidence 0.9.
</think>

<Output>[["He", "Per", 0.95], ["jihadists", "Per", 0.8], ["Frenchwoman Sophie Pétronin", "Per", 0.95], ["two Italians", "Per", 0.95], ["200 released detainees", "Per", 0.9]]</Output>