<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example they provided includes things like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., with confidence scores.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "Soumaila Cissé, a computer engineer, came second in three presidential elections." 

Breaking it down, the main entity here is "Soumaila Cissé," who is a person and clearly a participant as he's the one coming second in elections. The role here is an actor, as he's actively involved. His profession, "computer engineer," is mentioned, but I need to check if that's a participant. The definition says participants can be individuals, so his profession might be part of his identity, but the example didn't include professions unless they were part of an organization. Wait, in the example, "engine" was listed as a participant, but that's part of the plane's issue. Maybe in this case, "computer engineer" is a descriptor of Soumaila, not a separate participant. So maybe just "Soumaila Cissé" is the participant here.

Next, the event is "presidential elections." The elections themselves are an event, but the participants would be the people involved. However, the sentence says he came second in three presidential elections. The elections are the event, but the participants in the elections would be the candidates. However, the sentence only mentions Soumaila Cissé as the one who came second. The other candidates aren't mentioned, so they can't be extracted. The elections themselves might be considered an event, but the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The elections are the event, not a participant. So maybe "presidential elections" isn't a participant here.

Looking at the example again, they included "Lisbon" as a participant, which is a location. In this case, the location isn't mentioned, so maybe that's not needed. The only entity here is Soumaila Cissé. But wait, the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So maybe any noun phrase that's part of the event's context is considered. However, in this case, the only explicit participant is Soumaila Cissé. 

Wait, the example also included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In the given input, there's no mention of sources, so that's not applicable here. The profession "computer engineer" is a descriptor, not a separate entity. So the only participant is "Soumaila Cissé." 

But the example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. In this case, the sentence doesn't mention any organizations or groups, just an individual. So the output should be ["Soumaila Cissé", ...]. 

But the example also had "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. However, in this case, the event is about elections, and the only participant is the person. So I think the correct extraction here is just "Soumaila Cissé" with a high confidence, maybe 0.95 or 1.0. 

Wait, but the example included "the same source" as a participant. In the input, there's no mention of a source, but in the given input here, the sentence is about Soumaila Cissé's achievement. So no other entities are involved. Therefore, the only participant is Soumaila Cissé. 

So the final answer should be a JSON list with ["Soumaila Cissé", 1.0] since he's the only participant mentioned.
</think>

[["Soumaila Cissé", 1.0]]