<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Um homem de 31 anos foi baleado ao final da manhã de hoje em Gulpilhares, Vila Nova de Gaia, e o autor do disparo pôs-se em fuga, disse fonte policial."

Breaking it down, the main event is a man being shot and the perpetrator fleeing. The participants here would be the victim (the man), the perpetrator (the author of the shot), the location (Gulpilhares, Vila Nova de Gaia), and the source (fonte policial). 

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were repeated. So I should check for all mentions, even if they're the same entity mentioned multiple times. 

In the input, "Um homem de 31 anos" is the victim. "o autor do disparo" is the perpetrator. "Gulpilhares, Vila Nova de Gaia" is the location. "fonte policial" is the source. Also, "ao final da manhã de hoje" might be a time, but the task is about participants, not time. So maybe not include that. 

Wait, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The location is an entity involved in the event, so it should be included. The source (fonte policial) is an entity providing information, so they are participants as well. 

Now, checking for possible entities. "Um homem de 31 anos" – the man is a participant. "o autor do disparo" – the perpetrator. "Gulpilhares, Vila Nova de Gaia" – location. "fonte policial" – the police source. 

Are there any other entities? The time "ao final da manhã de hoje" is a time, not a participant. The verb "foi baleado" is an action, not an entity. 

So the entities would be:

- "Um homem de 31 anos" (victim)
- "o autor do disparo" (perpetrator)
- "Gulpilhares, Vila Nova de Gaia" (location)
- "fonte policial" (source)

But wait, in the example, they included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as separate entities. So even if a location is mentioned, like "Gulpilhares, Vila Nova de Gaia", it's a participant. Also, "fonte policial" is a group or entity. 

Confidence scores: The man is explicitly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). The perpetrator is mentioned as "o autor do disparo", so 0.9. The location is given as a place, so 0.9. The source is "fonte policial", which is a police source, so 0.85. 

Wait, but in the example, they included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if a location is mentioned in different forms, like "Lisboa" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", they are all included. So here, "Gulpilhares, Vila Nova de Gaia" is one entity, but maybe "Vila Nova de Gaia" is a municipality, and "Gulpilhares" is a neighborhood. But the text mentions them together, so it's a single location. 

So the final list would be:

["Um homem de 31 anos", 0.95], ["o autor do disparo", 0.9], ["Gulpilhares, Vila Nova de Gaia", 0.9], ["fonte policial", 0.85]

I need to make sure there are no other entities. The verb "pôs-se em fuga" is an action, not an entity. The time is not a participant. The sentence structure doesn't mention any other entities. So that's all.
</think>

[["Um homem de 31 anos", 0.95], ["o autor do disparo", 0.9], ["Gulpilhares, Vila Nova de Gaia", 0.9], ["fonte policial", 0.85]]