<think>
Okay, let's see. The task is to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

Looking at the input sentence: "Os militares apreenderam ainda seis quilos de cabeças de canábis, 2,25 quilos de liamba, 26 pés de canábis, uma balança e um moinho."

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main subject is "Os militares" which refers to military personnel. Then there are the items seized: "seis quilos de cabeças de canábis", "2,25 quilos de liamba", "26 pés de canábis", "uma balança", and "um moinho". 

Wait, but the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The military are the ones taking action here, so they are participants. The items seized are objects, not entities. However, in the example, things like "o motor" and "a aeronave" were included as participants. So maybe even objects are considered participants if they are part of the event. But I need to check the example again.

In the example, entities like "o motor", "a aeronave", "os aeroportos", etc., were listed. So even objects or parts of objects are considered participants. So in this case, the seized items would be participants. But wait, the example included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So maybe the items here are also participants. However, the user might be looking for entities that are actors or involved in the action. The military are the ones acting, and the seized items are the objects involved in the action. But the definition says participants can be impacted by the event. The items are being seized, so they are impacted. Therefore, they should be included.

So the participants would be "Os militares", "seis quilos de cabeças de canábis", "2,25 quilos de liamba", "26 pés de canábis", "uma balança", "um moinho". 

But wait, the example had "o motor" and "a aeronave" as separate mentions. So even if the same entity is mentioned multiple times, each instance is listed. In the input, "seis quilos de cabeças de canábis" and "26 pés de canábis" are different entities, even though they are both cannabis-related. Similarly, "liamba" is another substance. The balance and mill are objects. 

So the list would include each of these items. The confidence for each would be high, maybe 0.9 or 1.0, except for the items that are more specific. But since the example included "o motor" and "a aeronave" with confidence, I need to assign confidence scores. The military are clearly participants, so high confidence. The seized items are also participants, so high confidence. 

But wait, the example had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So even if the same object is mentioned in different forms, they are considered separate. In this case, "seis quilos de cabeças de canábis" and "26 pés de canábis" are different entities, so they should be separate. 

Therefore, the output should be a list with each of these entities and their confidence. The confidence for "Os militares" is 1.0. The items are also participants, so confidence around 0.9 or 1.0. Let me check the example again. In the example, "o motor" and "um motor" were both included with 1.0. So maybe even if they are the same thing, each mention is a separate entry. So here, each item is a separate entity. 

So the final list would be:

["Os militares", 1.0], ["seis quilos de cabeças de canábis", 0.9], ["2,25 quilos de liamba", 0.9], ["26 pés de canábis", 0.9], ["uma balança", 0.9], ["um moinho", 0.9]

But wait, the example included "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" as separate entries. So even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles or cases, they are considered separate. So in this case, "Os militares" is the same as "os militares" if mentioned again, but here it's only once. So the list would have each of the items as separate entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Os militares", 1.0], ["seis quilos de cabeças de canábis", 0.9], ["2,25 quilos de liamba", 0.9], ["26 pés de canábis", 0.9], ["uma balança", 0.9], ["um moinho", 0.9]]