<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese: "Esta ação contou com o reforço de militares do Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova da GNR". The participants to classify are "militares", "Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova", and "GNR".

First, I need to understand each term's role in the sentence. The sentence translates to "This operation counted on the reinforcement of soldiers from the Territorial Post of Idanha-a-Nova of the GNR." 

Starting with "militares" (soldiers). These are human individuals involved in the action, so according to the classes, this should be "Per" (Person). The confidence here is high because soldiers are clearly people.

Next, "Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova". This seems like a specific location or facility. The term "Posto Territorial" translates to Territorial Post, which is likely a facility or a branch of an organization. Since it's a specific place, maybe "Fac" (Facility) is the right class. But I need to check if it's an organizational structure. However, "Posto Territorial" might be a part of the GNR (Guarda Nacional Republicana), which is a police force. So, if it's a branch or a unit, it might be an organization. But the name includes "Posto", which is more like a station or post, so "Fac" could be more accurate. I'm a bit uncertain here. Maybe "Org" if it's part of an organization, but I think "Fac" is better. Confidence around 0.8.

Then "GNR" (Guarda Nacional Republicana). This is a national police force in Portugal, so it's an organization. Definitely "Org" with high confidence.

Wait, but the user's example had "A EDP" as Org. So organizations like companies, governments, teams, institutions. GNR is a government organization, so yes, Org. 

So the classifications would be:

- "militares" → Per
- "Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova" → Fac
- "GNR" → Org

Confidences: Militares is very clear (0.95), Posto Territorial might be a facility (0.8), GNR is definitely Org (0.95).
</think>

<Output>[["militares", "Per", 0.95], ["Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova", "Fac", 0.8], ["GNR", "Org", 0.95]]</Output>