<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "Esta ação contou com o reforço de militares do Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova da GNR". Translating that, it means "This operation counted on the reinforcement of soldiers from the Territorial Post of Idanha-a-Nova of the GNR."

Looking at the components, the main entities here are:

1. "militares" (soldiers) – they are participants as they are involved in the action.
2. "Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova" – this is a specific location or unit, so it's a participant.
3. "GNR" – which stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, a Portuguese national police force. This is an organization, so definitely a participant.

Now, checking for any other possible entities. The sentence mentions "Esta ação" (this operation), but "ação" is the event itself, not a participant. The word "reforço" (reinforcement) is an action, not an entity. The location "Idanha-a-Nova" is part of the Posto Territorial's name, so it's included there. 

I need to make sure there are no other entities. The sentence is concise, so I think those three are the main ones. Each mention should be listed with their confidence. Since "militares" is mentioned once, "Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova" once, and "GNR" once. The example in the task included repeated mentions, but in this case, each entity is mentioned once. 

Confidence scores: "militares" is clearly a participant, so maybe 0.9. "Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova" is a specific unit, so 0.95. "GNR" is a known organization, so 0.95. I should check if "GNR" is an acronym that's well-known. Since the input uses the acronym without explanation, but in context, it's clear, so high confidence. 

No other entities seem to be present. The output should be a JSON array with each entity and its confidence.
</think>

[["militares", 0.9], ["Posto Territorial de Idanha-a-Nova", 0.95], ["GNR", 0.95]]