<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected. The example they provided includes things like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., with confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input here is: "The Police of the Republic of Mozambique (PRM) arrested a man suspected of falsifying Covid-19 tests with negative results, the corporation's spokesperson announced today."

So, the main entities here are the Police of the Republic of Mozambique (PRM), the man they arrested, the corporation's spokesperson, and maybe the corporation itself. Let's break it down.

Starting with "The Police of the Republic of Mozambique (PRM)" – that's an organization, definitely a participant. The acronym PRM is in parentheses, so both the full name and the acronym should be considered. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "a man suspected of falsifying..." – the man is an individual, so that's a participant. The confidence might be a bit lower since it's just "a man," but the context implies he's involved. Maybe 0.8.

Then, "the corporation's spokesperson" – the spokesperson is a role, but the actual entity here is the corporation. However, the text doesn't mention the corporation's name, just "the corporation's spokesperson." Wait, the input says "the corporation's spokesperson announced today." But the corporation isn't named. Hmm, so maybe "the corporation" isn't explicitly mentioned, so we can't include it. The spokesperson is a role, but the actual entity is the corporation. However, since the corporation isn't named, maybe we can't extract it. But the spokesperson is part of the corporation, so perhaps the spokesperson is considered a participant. But the example in the task didn't include roles like "source" unless they were named. Wait, in the example, "source" was included as an entity. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, they had "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source," which were included as entities. So even if it's a role, like "source," it's considered a participant. So in this case, "the corporation's spokesperson" is a role, but since it's a specific person (even if not named), maybe it's considered a participant. But the example included "source" as an entity. However, in the given input, the spokesperson is part of the corporation, but the corporation isn't named. So maybe "the corporation's spokesperson" is an entity here, even though the corporation isn't named. But the user might expect that if the corporation isn't named, we can't include it. Alternatively, maybe "the corporation" is an entity, but since it's not named, we can't extract it. This is a bit ambiguous.

Wait, the example included "source" as an entity. In the input, "a Public Security Police source" was mentioned, and "the same source" later. So even if the source isn't named, they are considered an entity. So in this case, "the corporation's spokesperson" is a participant, even if the corporation isn't named. So that would be an entity. The confidence here might be 0.75, since it's a role but not a named entity.

But wait, the user's example output included "source" as an entity. So in this case, "the corporation's spokesperson" is a participant, even though the corporation isn't named. So that's one entity.

So compiling the list:

1. "The Police of the Republic of Mozambique (PRM)" – high confidence.
2. "PRM" – since it's the acronym, maybe as a separate entity. But in the example, they included both the full name and the acronym. For example, "Public Security Police" and "a Public Security Police source" were included. So here, "PRM" is the acronym, so both the full name and the acronym should be separate entities. Wait, in the example, the output included "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" but not the acronym. Wait, the example input had "Public Security Police source" and "the same source," but the output included "a Public Security Police" and "the same source." So maybe the acronym isn't included unless it's explicitly mentioned. In this case, the input mentions "PRM" in parentheses, so both the full name and the acronym are present. So "The Police of the Republic of Mozambique (PRM)" and "PRM" would be two separate entities. But in the example, they included "Public Security Police" but not the acronym if it wasn't mentioned. Wait, the example input had "Public Security Police source" and the output included "a Public Security Police" but not the acronym. So maybe only the full name is considered if the acronym is in parentheses. Hmm, this is a bit unclear. But the user's example included "a Public Security Police" and "the same source," so maybe the full name is the entity, and the acronym is not included unless it's used as a standalone entity. In this case, the input says "The Police of the Republic of Mozambique (PRM)" so the full name is "The Police of the Republic of Mozambique" and the acronym is "PRM." So both should be included as separate entities. So that's two entries: "The Police of the Republic of Mozambique" and "PRM," each with confidence.

Then, "a man" – as an individual, so that's a participant. Confidence 0.8.

"The corporation's spokesperson" – as a role, but since it's mentioned, even if the corporation isn't named, it's a participant. Confidence 0.75.

Wait, but the example included "source" as an entity. So in this case, "the corporation's spokesperson" is similar to "source" in the example. So that's an entity. However, the example's output included "source" as an entity, but in the input, it was "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source." So here, "the corporation's spokesperson" is a participant, even though the corporation isn't named. So that's an entity.

So the final list would be:

["The Police of the Republic of Mozambique", 0.95], ["PRM", 0.9], ["a man", 0.8], ["the corporation's spokesperson", 0.75].

Wait, but in the example, they included "a Public Security Police" and "the same source." So in this case, "the corporation's spokesperson" is a participant. However, the corporation isn't named, so maybe "the corporation" is an entity, but since it's not named, it's not included. So only the spokesperson is included as a participant. But the spokesperson is part of the corporation, but since the corporation isn't named, we can't include it. However, the example included "source" as an entity even though the source wasn't named. So in that case, "the corporation's spokesperson" is a participant, even if the corporation isn't named. So that's acceptable.

So the final answer would be those four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["The Police of the Republic of Mozambique", 0.95], ["PRM", 0.9], ["a man", 0.8], ["the corporation's spokesperson", 0.75]]