<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" is listed, but maybe that's a typo? The original input had "due to engine failure," so maybe "engine" is the correct entity, not "to engine." Hmm, but the example includes "to engine" with confidence 0.8. Maybe the user wants to capture phrases as they appear, even if they're not full nouns. I need to be careful here.

Looking at the input sentence: "The accused, who confessed to the crime, worked with another individual, who is now on the run, according to authorities."

First, identify all entities. The main participants here are:

- The accused: an individual involved in the crime.
- Another individual: someone the accused worked with, now on the run.
- Authorities: the source of the information, likely a group or organization.

The phrase "who confessed to the crime" refers to the accused, so "the accused" is the entity. "Another individual" is another person involved. "Authorities" is the group providing the information. 

Wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source" as entities. In the current input, "according to authorities" would make "authorities" the source. So "authorities" should be included as a participant. 

Are there any other entities? The crime itself isn't an entity, just the action. "Confessed to the crime" is an action, not an entity. "On the run" is a state, not an entity. 

So the participants would be:

- The accused
- Another individual
- Authorities

But need to check if "the accused" and "another individual" are considered separate entities. Yes, they are different individuals. Also, "authorities" is a group. 

Now, the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. In this case, "authorities" is the source, so "authorities" would be the entity. 

Confidence levels: "The accused" is definitely a participant, so 1.0. "Another individual" is also a participant, 1.0. "Authorities" as the source, 1.0. 

Wait, but in the example, "source" was included as an entity. Here, "authorities" is the source, so maybe "authorities" is the entity. But in the example, "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" were included. So in this case, "authorities" is the entity. 

So the output should be:

[["The accused", 1.0], ["another individual", 1.0], ["authorities", 1.0]]

But wait, the example included "source" as an entity. However, in this case, the source is "authorities," so "authorities" is the entity. The example had "source" as an entity, but maybe that's because it was explicitly mentioned. Here, "according to authorities" implies that the authorities are the source. So "authorities" is the correct entity here. 

I think that's all. Let me double-check. No other entities are mentioned. The crime is an event, not a participant. The actions are not entities. So the three entities are correct.
</think>

[["The accused", 1.0], ["another individual", 1.0], ["authorities", 1.0]]