<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo? Hmm, but I need to follow the example's approach.

The input here is: "We are working to locate his accomplice," said the police spokesperson."

First, I need to identify all entities. Let's break it down. The main entities here are "police spokesperson" and "his accomplice." The sentence is a quote from the police spokesperson, so they are the speaker. The "accomplice" is the person they're trying to locate. 

Wait, "his" refers to someone else, but the accomplice is the participant here. The police spokesperson is an entity. Are there any other entities? The sentence doesn't mention any organizations or other groups. The word "police" is part of "police spokesperson," so that's an organization. But in the example, "a Public Security Police" was included as an entity. So maybe "police" here is part of the spokesperson's title. 

So the participants would be "police spokesperson" and "his accomplice." Also, "his" might refer to someone else, but since the accomplice is the one being located, maybe that's the key. 

Confidence levels: "police spokesperson" is clearly mentioned, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. "his accomplice" is also directly mentioned, so 0.9. Are there any other entities? The sentence is short, so probably not. The example included "source" and "the same source," so maybe "said" is part of the structure but not an entity. 

Wait, in the example, "source" and "the same source" were included. In this case, the police spokesperson is the source, so maybe "police spokesperson" is the entity. "his accomplice" is another participant. 

I think that's it. Let me check again. No other entities like organizations or locations are mentioned. So the JSON array should have those two entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["police spokesperson", 0.95], ["his accomplice", 0.9]]