<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what counts as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "A negative Covid-19 test is mandatory for anyone wanting to leave or enter the country and authorities have reinforced border inspections since the head of state, Filipe Nyusi, announced, on October 29, the resumption of issuing visas."

Breaking it down:

1. "anyone" – This is a general group of people, but since it's not specific, maybe low confidence? But the instruction says participants can be inferred. However, "anyone" is too vague. Maybe not include it.

2. "authorities" – This is a group, likely the government or border authorities. Confidence might be medium to high.

3. "head of state" – This refers to Filipe Nyusi, but the title itself is a role. However, the name "Filipe Nyusi" is explicitly mentioned. Should both the title and the name be included? The example in the task included "a Public Security Police" as an entity, so maybe titles are included if they refer to an organization or role.

4. "Filipe Nyusi" – Definitely a person, high confidence.

5. "country" – The country isn't named, but the context is about entering/exiting, so maybe the country is implied. However, without a specific name, it's too vague. Maybe not include.

6. "border inspections" – This is an action or process, not an entity. Probably not a participant.

7. "resumption of issuing visas" – Again, an action, not an entity.

8. "October 29" – A date, not an entity.

9. "the resumption of issuing visas" – The action, not an entity.

So possible participants:

- "authorities" (group)
- "Filipe Nyusi" (individual)
- "head of state" (role, but maybe not necessary if Filipe Nyusi is already included)
- "Covid-19 test" – The test is a requirement, but is it an entity? Maybe not, since it's a process or requirement, not an active participant.

Wait, the example included "engine" as a participant. So maybe parts of the sentence that are objects or subjects, even if they are not people or organizations. Let me check the example again.

In the example, "to engine" and "engine" are included. So even if it's a part of the plane, they are considered participants. So in this case, "Covid-19 test" might be considered as a participant since it's a requirement. But the example had "engine" as an entity. However, in the example, "engine" was part of the event (engine failure). Here, the test is a mandatory requirement. So maybe "Covid-19 test" is a participant here.

Also, "country" – even though it's not named, maybe the country is implied. But without a specific name, it's too vague. The example had "Lisbon" as a participant, which is a specific place. So maybe "country" is too generic here.

So compiling the list:

- "authorities" (confidence 0.8)
- "Filipe Nyusi" (confidence 0.95)
- "Covid-19 test" (confidence 0.7)
- "head of state" (confidence 0.6) – but maybe redundant with Filipe Nyusi's role.

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So "authorities" is a group, "Filipe Nyusi" is an individual, "Covid-19 test" as a requirement. Also, "visa" might be a participant? But the example didn't include "visa" as an entity. Hmm.

Alternatively, maybe "visa" is part of the resumption, but not an entity. The example included "airline Jota Aviation" and "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" as organizations. So in this case, "authorities" is a group, "Filipe Nyusi" is an individual, "Covid-19 test" is a requirement (maybe as an entity), and "visa" as a document or process. But the example didn't include "visa" as an entity, so maybe not.

Also, "country" is not named, so not included. "border inspections" is an action, not an entity. So the main participants are "authorities", "Filipe Nyusi", and "Covid-19 test". Maybe "head of state" as a role, but since Filipe Nyusi is already there, maybe not necessary.

Wait, the example included "the same source" as an entity. So in this case, "authorities" is a group, "Filipe Nyusi" is an individual, and "Covid-19 test" is a requirement. Also, "visa" might be considered, but not sure. Let me check again.

The input says "resumption of issuing visas", so "visa" is a document, but not an entity. The example included "engine" as an entity, which is a part of the plane. So maybe "Covid-19 test" is an entity here. So the final list would be:

["authorities", 0.8], ["Filipe Nyusi", 0.95], ["Covid-19 test", 0.7]

But wait, the example also included "Lusa." as an entity. In the input, "Lusa." is a news agency. In this case, the input doesn't mention any news agency, so no. So the answer should be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["authorities", 0.8], ["Filipe Nyusi", 0.95], ["Covid-19 test", 0.7]]