<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Henrique and ended in Largo Maria Judite de Carvalho, in Casal dos Machados, in the parish of Parque das Nations."

First, I need to identify all entities here. The first part is "Henrique" – that's a person's name, so definitely a participant. Then there's "Largo Maria Judite de Carvalho" – that's a street or place name. "Casal dos Machados" is another place, probably a neighborhood or district. "Parque das Nations" is a parish, which is a local administrative division. 

Wait, the example output included things like "airport" and "the airports" as participants. But in this case, the places mentioned are specific locations. So "Largo Maria Judite de Carvalho," "Casal dos Machados," and "Parque das Nations" are all locations. Are they considered participants? The definition says entities impacted by an event. If the event is something like an incident ending at that location, then the location would be a participant. But the input is a bit unclear. The sentence starts with "Henrique and ended..." which might be a fragment. Maybe the event is ending at those locations, so the locations are involved.

So participants would be Henrique, Largo Maria Judite de Carvalho, Casal dos Machados, and Parque das Nations. The confidence levels: Henrique is a person, so high confidence (0.95). The places are proper nouns, so also high confidence (0.9 each). I need to check if "Parque das Nations" is a known place. It's a real parish in Lisbon, so yes. 

Wait, the example output included "airport" as a participant, even though it's a generic term. But in the input, the specific names are given. So I should include the specific names, not generic terms. So the places here are specific, so they are participants. 

So the final list would be Henrique, Largo Maria Judite de Carvalho, Casal dos Machados, and Parque das Nations. Each with confidence around 0.9 or 0.95. Let me check again. The input is a bit fragmented, but the entities are clear. No other entities mentioned. So the JSON array should have these four entries with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Henrique", 0.95], ["Largo Maria Judite de Carvalho", 0.9], ["Casal dos Machados", 0.9], ["Parque das Nations", 0.9]]