<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "Following the disorder, a 33-year-old man was seriously injured and was transported by ambulance to Santa Maria Hospital."

Looking for participants. The main entities here are the man, the ambulance, the hospital, and possibly the disorder. Let's break it down.

"A 33-year-old man" is clearly a participant as the victim. The "ambulance" is involved in transporting him, so that's a participant. "Santa Maria Hospital" is the destination, so that's another participant. The "disorder" is the event causing the injury, but the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The disorder is the cause, but is it considered a participant? The example in the task didn't include "disorder" as a participant, so maybe not. The example output included entities like "engine" and "airport," which are objects or locations. The disorder here is an event, not an entity, so maybe it's excluded.

Wait, the example output had "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So even if it's an object or a condition, if it's part of the event, it's included. But "disorder" here is more of a situation or event, not an entity. Hmm. The definition says participants are entities actively involved or impacted. The disorder might be the cause, but not an entity. So maybe not included.

So the participants would be:

- "a 33-year-old man" (the victim)
- "ambulance" (transporting him)
- "Santa Maria Hospital" (the destination, where he was taken)

Also, "by ambulance" – the ambulance is the entity here. The example included "plane" and "engine" as entities. So "ambulance" should be included. The hospital is an organization or entity, so that's a participant.

Wait, the example output had "airport" as a participant. So locations are included. So "Santa Maria Hospital" is a location, so that's a participant. The man is an individual. The ambulance is a vehicle, which is an entity. 

What about "transported by ambulance"? The ambulance is the agent here. So "ambulance" is a participant. 

So the list would be:

["a 33-year-old man", 0.95], ["ambulance", 0.8], ["Santa Maria Hospital", 0.9]

I need to check if there are any other entities. The sentence mentions "disorder" but that's the event, not an entity. The example didn't include "disorder" if it's similar. So I think those three are the main participants. 

Confidence scores: The man is clearly mentioned, so high confidence. Ambulance is mentioned as the means of transport, so moderate confidence. The hospital is the destination, so high confidence. I'll assign 0.95, 0.8, and 0.9 respectively.
</think>

[["a 33-year-old man", 0.95], ["ambulance", 0.8], ["Santa Maria Hospital", 0.9]]