<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, which seems a bit odd, but maybe that's part of the specific extraction rules here.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "The slightly injured person, aged 22, went to the same hospital by his own means”, said the PSP source."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "The slightly injured person" – this is an individual, so definitely a participant. The age is given, but the entity is the person themselves.
2. "the same hospital" – a location, so an entity involved.
3. "PSP source" – this is an organization (PSP is likely the Public Security Police) and the source, so that's a participant.
4. "his own means" – this might refer to the person's method of transportation, but "means" here is a bit vague. However, in the example, "to engine" was included, so maybe "his own means" is considered a participant? Or maybe not. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was included, but that might be a mistake. Alternatively, maybe "engine" was part of the event. Hmm, but in the current input, "his own means" is a bit abstract. Maybe it's not a participant but a method. But the example included "to engine" which is a prepositional phrase, so perhaps the task is to extract any noun phrases that are participants, even if they're not full entities. 

Wait, looking back at the example output, they included "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. That seems a bit odd. Maybe the task is to extract any noun phrases that are relevant, even if they're parts of objects. But that might not be the case. Alternatively, maybe "engine" is a participant in the event. However, in the current input, "his own means" is more about the method of transportation, not an entity. So perhaps it's not a participant. 

So the key entities here are:

- "The slightly injured person" (individual)
- "the same hospital" (location)
- "PSP source" (organization)

But the example included "source" as a participant. In the example, "source" was listed as a participant. So in this case, "PSP source" would be the entity. Also, "the same hospital" is a location, so that's a participant. 

Wait, the example output had "Lusa.", "a Public Security Police", "airline Jota Aviation", etc. So in the current input, "PSP source" is an entity. Also, the person is a participant. 

So the extracted entities would be:

["The slightly injured person", 0.9], ["the same hospital", 0.8], ["PSP source", 0.9]

But wait, the example included "source" as a separate entity. In the example input, the source was mentioned as "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source", so they were both included. In the current input, "PSP source" is the entity. So "PSP source" is the participant here. 

Also, the person is a participant. The hospital is a location involved. 

I think that's it. The "his own means" is more of a method, not an entity, so it's not a participant. The confidence scores should be high for these, as they are clearly mentioned. The hospital is a location, so 0.8 or 0.9. The person is 0.9. The PSP source is 0.9 as well.
</think>

[["The slightly injured person", 0.9], ["the same hospital", 0.8], ["PSP source", 0.9]]