<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided includes things like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., with confidence scores.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "According to the PSP, a firearm cartridge was found at the scene." 

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "PSP" and "firearm cartridge." The PSP is mentioned as the source ("According to the PSP"), so that's an organization. The firearm cartridge is the object found at the scene. The scene itself might be considered a location, but the example didn't include "scene" in their output, so maybe it's not a participant here. 

Wait, the example output included "airport" and "Lisbon," which are locations. But in the given input, "at the scene" is a prepositional phrase. The word "scene" is a noun here, but is it considered a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The scene is a location where the event happened, but maybe it's not an entity that's actively involved. The example didn't include "scene," so perhaps it's better to exclude it here.

So the main participants would be "PSP" (organization) and "firearm cartridge" (object). The confidence for "PSP" is high since it's explicitly mentioned as a source. The firearm cartridge is directly mentioned as found, so that's a participant. 

Wait, in the example, they included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entities. So even if it's a part of the plane, they are listed. Similarly, "firearm cartridge" is a specific item found, so that's a participant. 

So the output should be:
["PSP", 0.95], ["firearm cartridge", 0.85]

I need to check if "scene" is a participant. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The scene is a location, but unless it's a named entity (like a specific place), it might not be included. Since "scene" is generic here, not a specific location, it's probably not a participant. 

Therefore, the final answer should list "PSP" and "firearm cartridge" with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["PSP", 0.95], ["firearm cartridge", 0.85]]