<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like organizations, individuals, or even specific roles mentioned in the text.

First, I need to understand what counts as a participant. According to the definition, participants are those actively involved or impacted by the event. In the example input about the plane landing, entities like "Plane," "engine," "airport," and organizations like "Jota Aviation" were included. Even "source" and "Lusa" were considered participants, probably because they provided information.

Now, looking at the input provided: "The investigation was carried out by the Judicial Police." The main action here is the investigation. The participants would be the ones conducting the investigation, which is the Judicial Police. But wait, the example included "source" as a participant, even though it's not an organization. So maybe any entity that's an actor in the event is included.

In this sentence, "Judicial Police" is the entity performing the action. The sentence structure is "was carried out by the Judicial Police," so the subject here is the investigation, but the agent is the Judicial Police. So the participant here is the Judicial Police. 

But should "investigation" be considered a participant? The example included "emergency landing" as an entity, but in that case, it was part of the event. However, in the output, "emergency landing" wasn't listed. Wait, looking back at the example output, the entities included were things like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., but not the event itself. So maybe the event isn't considered a participant, only the entities involved in it.

So in this case, the only participant is the Judicial Police. But wait, the example also included "source" and "the same source," which were entities providing information. In the current input, there's no mention of a source, just the action and the agent. Therefore, the only participant is the Judicial Police.

But wait, the example output had "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as participants. So even if the entity is a role or a title, like "source," it's included. However, in the current input, there's no mention of a source, just the agent. So the main participant is the Judicial Police. 

I need to make sure I'm not missing any other entities. The sentence is straightforward. The investigation was carried out by the Judicial Police. So the only entity here is the Judicial Police. The investigation is the event, not an entity. Therefore, the correct participant is "Judicial Police" with a confidence score. Since the sentence explicitly states that the Judicial Police conducted the investigation, the confidence should be high, maybe 1.0. 

Wait, but in the example, "engine" was included as a participant. But in that case, the engine failure was the reason for the event. However, in the current input, the Judicial Police are the ones performing the action, so they are the participants. 

Therefore, the output should be a list with ["Judicial Police", 1.0]. I need to check if there are any other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations or individuals. The word "investigation" is the event, not a participant. So yes, only Judicial Police.
</think>

[["Judicial Police", 1.0]]