<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "Acrescentou que os primeiros meios de socorro a chegar ao local, da Cruz Vermelha local, encontraram-no já em paragem cardiorrespiratória."

Participants to classify are ["os primeiros meios de socorro", "a Cruz Vermelha local"].

First, I need to determine the classes for each entity. The classes available are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other.

Starting with "os primeiros meios de socorro". "Meios de socorro" translates to "rescue means" or "emergency services". These are typically organizations or facilities. However, "meios de socorro" can refer to the resources or teams involved, which might be part of an organization. But in this context, since it's mentioned as "da Cruz Vermelha local" (from the local Red Cross), the "meios de socorro" are part of the Red Cross. However, the phrase "os primeiros meios de socorro" is a collective noun referring to the emergency services themselves. But in the classification, "meios de socorro" might be considered as an Object or a Facility. Wait, but the Red Cross is an organization, so the "meios de socorro" here are part of that organization. However, the entity listed is "os primeiros meios de socorro", which is a group of resources or teams. Since they are part of an organization (Cruz Vermelha), but the entity itself is the means, which could be considered as an Object. Alternatively, maybe "meios de socorro" is a Facility? Hmm, not sure. Let me think again. "Meios de socorro" are the resources or teams, which are part of an organization. But the classification here is about the entity itself. Since "meios de socorro" is a collective term for the emergency services, which are part of the organization (Red Cross), but the entity here is the means, not the organization. So maybe "Object"? Or maybe "Facility"? Wait, "Facility" refers to a building or place. "Object" is more like a thing. Alternatively, "Other"? But the example given in the task had "aeroporto" as "Fac" (Facility). So "meios de socorro" might be considered as an Object here, since they are the means or tools used. But maybe "Facility" is more about places. Alternatively, since they are part of an organization, but the entity is the means, not the organization itself. So perhaps "Object" is the right class here.

Next, "a Cruz Vermelha local". "Cruz Vermelha" is the Red Cross, which is an organization. The "local" here specifies it's the local chapter, but the main entity is the Red Cross, which is an organization. So "a Cruz Vermelha local" should be classified as "Org".

So the classifications would be:

["os primeiros meios de socorro", "Obj"], ["a Cruz Vermelha local", "Org"]

I need to make sure that I'm not missing any other possible classes. For example, "meios de socorro" could be considered as a Facility if they are part of a building or structure, but that doesn't seem right. They are more like teams or resources, which are Objects. So I think that's correct.
</think>

<Output>[["os primeiros meios de socorro", "Obj"], ["a Cruz Vermelha local", "Org"]]</Output>