<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about Quincy Promes being arrested. The participants to classify are: "Dutch international Quincy Promes", "an Ajax footballer", "a family member", "Dutch media", and "police sources".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" which might be subcategories under Person or Location, but the main classes are as listed. Wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital" and "Farnborough" as "Pl_civil". But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe those subcategories are part of the classes. Hmm, but the example output used "Pl_capital" which isn't one of the main classes. Wait, looking back at the example output, the classes listed in the example are "Obj", "Fac", "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", "Pl_country", "Org", "Per", "Loc". But the original instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example used abbreviations or specific subcategories. This might be a bit confusing.

Wait, the user provided an example output where "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which might be a typo or a specific code. But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example used abbreviations like "Pl_capital" for "Person (capital)" or something else. However, the user might have made a mistake in the example. But since the user provided that example, I need to follow it. However, in the current task, the user says to use the classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example's "Pl_capital" was a mistake, and the correct classes are the ones listed. Let me check the example again.

In the example, the output had entries like ["Lisbon", "Pl_capital"], which doesn't match the classes given. The user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example had a typo, and the correct classes are the ones listed. Therefore, I should use the main classes as specified, not the subcategories from the example.

So, for the current input:

1. "Dutch international Quincy Promes" – This is a person's name. So class: Person.

2. "an Ajax footballer" – Ajax is a football club (organization), but the phrase is "an Ajax footballer", which refers to a person (the player). So the entity here is the person, but the classification would be Person. Wait, but the phrase is "an Ajax footballer", which is a noun phrase. The entity here is the person, so Person.

3. "a family member" – This is a person, so Person.

4. "Dutch media" – Media is an organization. So class: Organization.

5. "police sources" – This refers to the police, which is an organization. So class: Organization.

Wait, but "police sources" might be people (sources) from the police. However, the term "police sources" is often used to refer to the organization. But the exact classification depends on the context. In the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Organization. So "police sources" would be Organization.

So the classifications would be:

["Dutch international Quincy Promes", "Person"], ["an Ajax footballer", "Person"], ["a family member", "Person"], ["Dutch media", "Organization"], ["police sources", "Organization"].

But wait, in the example, "source" was classified as "Per" (Person), and "the same source" as "Per". So "police sources" might be considered as Organization or Person? If "sources" are people, then Person. But "police sources" is a term that refers to the police organization's sources. However, the example had "a Public Security Police" as Organization. So "police sources" is more likely Organization. Alternatively, if "sources" are individuals, then Person. But the example had "source" as Person. However, in the input, "police sources" is plural, so maybe it's referring to the police organization. Hmm, this is a bit ambiguous. But given the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Organization, so "police sources" would be Organization. Alternatively, if "sources" are people, then Person. But the example had "source" as Person. However, in the input, "police sources" is a noun phrase that refers to the police organization's sources. It's a bit tricky. But since the user's example classified "source" as Person, maybe "police sources" would be Person. But I'm not sure. Let me check the example again.

In the example, "source" was classified as "Per" (Person), and "the same source" as "Per". So "source" refers to a person. Therefore, "police sources" would be sources (people) from the police, so Person. But "Dutch media" is an organization. So maybe "police sources" is Person. However, "police sources" could be considered as the police organization. This is a bit ambiguous. But given the example, "source" is Person, so "police sources" would be Person. Alternatively, if "police sources" is a collective noun for the police organization, then Organization. But I think the safer choice here is to classify "police sources" as Organization, similar to "Public Security Police" in the example. But I'm not entirely certain. Alternatively, if the sources are individuals, then Person. However, the example's "source" was classified as Person, so maybe "police sources" would be Person. But the term "sources" is plural, so it's more likely referring to multiple people. However, in the example, "the same source" was classified as Person. So "police sources" would be Person. But I'm not sure. This is a bit of a judgment call.

Alternatively, maybe "police sources" is an Organization. But I think the correct classification here is Person for "police sources" since they are sources (people) from the police. However, in the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Organization. So "police sources" might be considered as Organization. But I'm confused. Let me check the example again.

In the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Organization. So "police sources" would be a term that refers to the police organization's sources. But "sources" is a noun, so maybe it's a role within the organization. However, the classification is based on the entity's type. Since "police sources" is a noun phrase, and "sources" are people, then it's Person. But the example's "source" was classified as Person. So "police sources" would be Person. Therefore, the classifications would be:

["Dutch international Quincy Promes", "Person"], ["an Ajax footballer", "Person"], ["a family member", "Person"], ["Dutch media", "Organization"], ["police sources", "Person"].

But I'm not entirely confident about "police sources" being Person. Alternatively, if "police sources" is considered as the police organization, then Organization. But I think the correct answer here is Person for "police sources" as per the example's "source" being Person.
</think>

[["Dutch international Quincy Promes", "Person"], ["an Ajax footballer", "Person"], ["a family member", "Person"], ["Dutch media", "Organization"], ["police sources", "Person"]]