<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "Some of those present at the party stood between the two, which would have prevented a more serious outcome." The participants to classify are ["those present", "the party", "the two"].

First, I need to understand each term's role in the sentence. 

Starting with "those present": This refers to people who are present at the party. Since "those" is a pronoun referring to people, and "present" is an adjective describing their state, the entity here is a group of people. So the class should be "Person".

Next, "the party": A party is an event, typically a social gathering. The class "Facility" is for buildings or structures, but a party is an event, not a physical place. However, looking at the classes provided, there's "Other" as a fallback. Wait, but maybe "Location" could be considered if it's a place where the party is held. But the term "the party" here refers to the event itself, not the location. So perhaps "Other" is more appropriate here. Alternatively, if "party" is considered a gathering, maybe "Person" isn't right. Hmm. Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Since "the party" is an event, not a physical object or place, it might fall under "Other".

Then "the two": This refers to two people or entities. Since it's a pronoun referring to people, it should be "Person".

Wait, but the example given in the task had "airport" classified as "Fac" (Facility). So "the party" as an event isn't a facility. So maybe "the party" is an event, which isn't covered by the classes. So "Other" would be the correct class here.

So the classifications would be:

- "those present" → Person
- "the party" → Other
- "the two" → Person

But I need to check the example again. In the example, "airport" was classified as "Fac" (Facility), and "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital" (which is a location). However, in the current task, "the party" is an event, not a location or facility. So "Other" seems correct here. The other terms are clearly referring to people ("those present" and "the two"), so they are "Person".
</think>

[["those present", "Per"], ["the party", "Other"], ["the two", "Per"]]