<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "Government: Ricardo Pinheiro replaces José Mendes as Secretary of State for Planning". The participants to classify are ["Government", "Ricardo Pinheiro", "José Mendes", "Secretary of State for Planning"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had some specific classifications like "Pl_capital" for Lisbon, which seems to be a subcategory under Location. But the user's instruction says to use the main classes, not the subcategories. Wait, looking back at the example output, they used "Pl_capital" for Lisbon, but the original classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Hmm, maybe the example used more specific labels, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Wait, the user says: "Classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other". So maybe in the example, they used more specific labels, but perhaps that's an error. Wait, the example output had "Pl_capital" which isn't in the original classes. That might be a mistake. But the user's instruction here says to use the classes as listed. So maybe the example was incorrect, and the correct classes are the ones listed. So I need to use the main classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

So for the current input:

"Government: Ricardo Pinheiro replaces José Mendes as Secretary of State for Planning"

Participants to classify: Government, Ricardo Pinheiro, José Mendes, Secretary of State for Planning.

Let's go one by one.

1. "Government": This is a political entity, which is an Organization. So class: Organization.

2. "Ricardo Pinheiro": This is a person's name. So class: Person.

3. "José Mendes": Also a person's name. Class: Person.

4. "Secretary of State for Planning": This is a position or title, which is an Office or a Role. But the classes available are Organization, Person, etc. Since it's a position within a government, maybe it's an Organization? Wait, but the Secretary of State is a role held by a person. However, the title itself might be considered an Organization if it's an entity. But I think in this context, "Secretary of State for Planning" is a position, which is a role, not an organization. However, the classes don't have a "Role" category. The closest might be "Other" or maybe "Organization" if it's considered an office. Alternatively, if it's a title, maybe it's an Object. But I'm not sure. Let me think again. In the example, "airline Jota Aviation" was classified as Organization. "Public Security Police" was also Organization. "Secretary of State for Planning" is a government position. Since the user's classes don't have a "Role" or "Position" category, maybe it's considered an Organization. But I'm not certain. Alternatively, if it's a title, perhaps it's an Object. But I think in this case, since it's a government position, it's more likely an Organization. Wait, but the person holding the position is a Person. The title itself is an Office, which might be considered an Organization. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe it's an Other. But I need to check the example again. In the example, "source" was classified as Person, "the same source" as Person. "Lusa." was an Organization. So "Secretary of State for Planning" is a title, which is a role. Since there's no "Role" class, perhaps it's considered an Other. But maybe the user expects it to be an Organization. Alternatively, if the position is part of the government structure, maybe it's an Organization. But I'm not sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "airline Jota Aviation" was an Organization. "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" was an Organization. "Public Security Police" was an Organization. So "Secretary of State for Planning" is a government position, which is an Office, which might be considered an Organization. But I'm not entirely sure. Alternatively, maybe it's a Person, but that's not the case. The person is Ricardo Pinheiro, who is replacing José Mendes as the Secretary. So the title itself is the position, not the person. Therefore, perhaps it's an Organization. Alternatively, maybe it's an Object. But I think in this context, the correct classification would be Organization. However, I'm not 100% certain. Alternatively, if the title is a role, maybe it's Other. But I need to make a decision here. Let's go with Organization for "Secretary of State for Planning" since it's a government position, part of the organizational structure.

So the classifications would be:

Government: Organization

Ricardo Pinheiro: Person

José Mendes: Person

Secretary of State for Planning: Organization

Wait, but maybe "Secretary of State for Planning" is a title, not an organization. If the user's classes don't have a "Role" or "Position" category, then perhaps it's Other. But in the example, "source" was classified as Person, which is a role. So maybe "Secretary of State for Planning" is a role, which would be Other. But I'm confused. Let me think again. The example had "source" as Person, which is a role (the person who provided the information). So "source" is a Person. But "Secretary of State for Planning" is a title, not a person. So perhaps it's an Object. But that doesn't fit. Alternatively, maybe it's an Organization. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe the answer is:

Government: Organization

Ricardo Pinheiro: Person

José Mendes: Person

Secretary of State for Planning: Other

But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "Secretary of State for Planning" is a Position, which is a type of Object. But I'm not certain. Given the ambiguity, perhaps the safest is to classify it as Organization, as it's a government position, part of the organizational structure. So I'll go with that.
</think>

[["Government", "Org"], ["Ricardo Pinheiro", "Per"], ["José Mendes", "Per"], ["Secretary of State for Planning", "Org"]]