<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about a political change, and I need to classify each participant into the given categories: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

First, looking at the participants to classify:

1. "Socialist deputy Ricardo Pinheiro" – This seems like a person's name. The title "Socialist deputy" is a role, but the main entity here is Ricardo Pinheiro, a person. So this should be "Person".

2. "José Mendes" – Another name, likely a person. No indication of being an organization or other category. So "Person".

3. "Secretary of State for Planning" – This is a position or role, not a person. It's a title, so maybe "Other"? Wait, the classes don't have a "Title" category. The options are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. Since it's a position, not an organization or person, "Other" might be the best fit here.

4. "Presidency of the Republic portal" – This sounds like a website or an online platform. The term "portal" is often associated with a website or facility. But "Presidency of the Republic" is an organization, and "portal" might be a facility. However, the entire phrase is the name of the website. In the example given earlier, "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" was classified as an Organization. But here, "portal" might be a facility. Wait, in the example, "Lusa." was classified as an Organization. But "Presidency of the Republic portal" is a specific website. Maybe "Facility" is more appropriate here, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, if "portal" is considered a type of website, maybe "Facility" is correct. Alternatively, if it's an organization's website, perhaps "Organization" isn't right. Hmm. Alternatively, "Other" could be considered. But in the example, "website." was classified as "Loc", but that might be a mistake. Wait, looking back at the example, the user's example had "website." classified as "Loc", but that might not be accurate. However, the user's example might have errors. But following the example's logic, maybe "Presidency of the Republic portal" is a Facility. Alternatively, if "portal" is a website, which is a type of facility. So I'll go with "Facility" here.

Wait, but the example had "airport" as "Fac", "Humberto Delgado Airport" as "Fac", and "the airports" as "Fac". So "portal" might be considered a Facility. So "Presidency of the Republic portal" would be "Fac".

Let me double-check each:

- "Socialist deputy Ricardo Pinheiro" – Person.
- "José Mendes" – Person.
- "Secretary of State for Planning" – This is a position, not a person or organization. So "Other".
- "Presidency of the Republic portal" – Facility, as it's a website or online platform, similar to a facility.

So the classifications would be:

["Socialist deputy Ricardo Pinheiro", "Per"], ["José Mendes", "Per"], ["Secretary of State for Planning", "Other"], ["Presidency of the Republic portal", "Fac"].

I think that's correct. Let me make sure there's no other possible classification. For example, "Secretary of State for Planning" could be considered an Organization if it's a department, but the example didn't have such a case. Since it's a title, not an organization name, "Other" is safer.
</think>

[["Socialist deputy Ricardo Pinheiro", "Per"], ["José Mendes", "Per"], ["Secretary of State for Planning", "Other"], ["Presidency of the Republic portal", "Fac"]]