<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about the inauguration of Nelson de Sousa as the new Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning, happening at the Palácio de Belém.

First, I need to look at each participant and determine their class based on the given categories: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "the new Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning". This seems like a title or a position. The Secretary of State is a government role, so this would be a Person, but maybe under the "Other" category if it's a title. Wait, the example had "Public Security Police" classified as an Organization. But here, "Secretary of State" is a person's title. However, the actual person is Nelson de Sousa. The phrase "the new Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning" is a title, so maybe it's an Organization? Or is it a Person? Hmm. Wait, the example had "airline Jota Aviation" as an Organization. So titles of positions might be considered as Organizations if they are official roles. But in the example, "Public Security Police" is an organization. Alternatively, maybe "Secretary of State" is a position, so the person holding it is a Person. But the phrase here is the title itself, not the person. So maybe "the new Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning" is a title, which could be classified as Other? Or maybe as a Person if it refers to the individual. Wait, the example had "the same source" classified as a Person. But in the input, the source was a Public Security Police, which is an organization. So maybe if the title is a role, it's an Organization? Not sure. Let me think again. The example had "a Public Security Police" as an Organization. So if the title is an official position, maybe it's an Organization. But in this case, the title is "Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning", which is a specific role. However, the actual person is Nelson de Sousa. So maybe the title is an Organization? Or maybe it's a Person. Wait, the example had "the aircraft" as an Object. So maybe "the new Secretary of State..." is a Person? But that's a title. Alternatively, maybe it's an Organization. Hmm, this is a bit confusing. Let me check the example again. In the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as an Organization. So if the title is part of an organization, maybe it's an Organization. But the Secretary of State is a person's title. So perhaps "the new Secretary of State..." is a Person? But the actual person is Nelson de Sousa. Wait, the first participant is "the new Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning", which is the title. The second participant is "Nelson de Sousa", which is clearly a Person. The third is "Palácio de Belém", which is a location, so a Facility. 

So for the first participant, "the new Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning" – this is a title, but the person is Nelson de Sousa. However, the title itself might be considered as an Organization if it's an official role. But in the example, "the aircraft" was an Object. Alternatively, maybe the title is a Person. But that doesn't make sense. Wait, maybe the title is a Person's role, so the entity here is the position, which is an Organization. But I'm not sure. Let me think of another example. If the input was "The president of the company announced...", then "the president" would be a Person. But here, the title is "Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning", which is a position. So maybe it's an Organization. But the example had "the aircraft" as an Object. So maybe in this case, the title is an Organization. Alternatively, maybe it's a Person. But the actual person is Nelson de Sousa. Wait, the first participant is the title, not the person. So perhaps it's an Organization. But I'm not certain. Alternatively, maybe it's a Person. But the person's name is Nelson de Sousa. So maybe the first participant is a title, which is an Organization. But I'm not sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "the same source" was classified as a Person. So "source" is a Person. But in this case, the title is a position, which might be an Organization. Alternatively, maybe it's a Person. Hmm. This is tricky. Maybe I should classify "the new Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning" as a Person, since it's a title of a person. But the example had "the aircraft" as an Object. So maybe the title is a Person. But the person's name is Nelson de Sousa. Wait, the first participant is the title, not the person. So maybe it's an Organization. Alternatively, maybe it's a Person. I'm a bit confused here. Let me proceed with the other participants first.

"Nelson de Sousa" is clearly a Person. "Palácio de Belém" is a location, which would be a Facility. So that's straightforward. 

Now, back to the first participant. If the title is "the new Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning", which is a position, perhaps it's an Organization. But in the example, "the aircraft" was an Object. So maybe the title is an Organization. Alternatively, maybe it's a Person. But the person is Nelson de Sousa. Wait, the title is the role, not the person. So maybe it's an Organization. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's a Person. But the example had "the same source" as a Person, which was a reference to a person. So if the title is a role, perhaps it's an Organization. But I'm not certain. Let me think again. In the example, "a Public Security Police" was an Organization. So if the title is part of an organization, maybe it's an Organization. But "Secretary of State" is a government position, so the organization would be the government. But the title itself might be considered as an Organization. Alternatively, maybe it's a Person. Hmm. This is a bit ambiguous. Maybe I should classify it as a Person, since it's a title of a person. But the actual person is Nelson de Sousa. Wait, the first participant is the title, not the person. So perhaps it's an Organization. But I'm not sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "the aircraft" was an Object. So if the title is a role, maybe it's an Organization. But I'm not certain. Alternatively, maybe it's a Person. But the person is Nelson de Sousa. So perhaps the first participant is an Organization. But I'm not sure. Maybe I should go with Person for "the new Secretary of State..." since it's a title of a person. But the example had "the same source" as a Person. So maybe the title is a Person. But that's not accurate. Alternatively, maybe it's an Organization. I think I need to make a decision here. Given that the example had "the aircraft" as an Object, which is an inanimate object, and "the new Secretary of State" is a title, which is a role, perhaps it's an Organization. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's a Person. But the person is Nelson de Sousa. So maybe the first participant is a Person. But that would be incorrect because the title is not the person's name. Hmm. This is a tough one. I'll go with Organization for the first participant, as it's a title of a position within an organization.
</think>

[["the new Secretary of State of the Minister of Planning", "Org"], ["Nelson de Sousa", "Per"], ["Palácio de Belém", "Fac"]]