<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or affected by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Dois homens de 22 e 33 anos ficaram feridos, um deles com gravidade, na terça-feira à noite na sequência de uma desordem no Bairro do Casal dos Machados, em Lisboa, disse à Lusa fonte da PSP."

Breaking it down, the main event is a disorder (desordem) in the Bairro do Casal dos Machados in Lisbon. Two men, aged 22 and 33, were injured, one seriously. The information is provided by a source from the PSP (Polícia de Segurança Pública) to Lusa (a news agency).

Participants would be the individuals involved, the groups/organizations, and the locations. Let's list them:

1. "Dois homens de 22 e 33 anos" – the two men, ages 22 and 33. They are the victims. However, the exact names aren't given, just their ages. But the example included "Avião" even without a name, so maybe age is enough here. Confidence might be lower since they are not named, but the text explicitly mentions them as participants.

2. "um deles com gravidade" – this refers to one of the two men, but it's a descriptor, not a separate entity. So maybe not a separate participant.

3. "Bairro do Casal dos Machados" – the location where the incident happened. This is a place, so it's a participant as per the definition.

4. "Lisboa" – the city where the bairro is located. Also a location participant.

5. "fonte da PSP" – the source from the PSP (Policia de Segurança Pública). This is an organization, so a participant.

6. "à Lusa" – Lusa is the news agency, so another organization participant.

7. "PSP" – the full name is Polícia de Segurança Pública, which is the same as "fonte da PSP". But in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was included as a separate entity. However, in the input, it's mentioned as "fonte da PSP", so maybe both "fonte da PSP" and "PSP" are participants. Wait, the example had "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. So here, "PSP" is the organization, and "fonte da PSP" is the source, which is part of the organization. But the user's example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entities. However, in the input, the source is "fonte da PSP", so maybe "fonte da PSP" is the entity, and "PSP" is the organization. But the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. So perhaps in this case, "PSP" is the organization, and "fonte da PSP" is the source (a role within the organization). But the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entities. Wait, in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were both listed. So here, "fonte da PSP" would be the entity, and "PSP" is the organization. But the example also included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. So maybe both "fonte da PSP" and "PSP" are participants. However, in the input, the source is "fonte da PSP", which is a role within the organization. But the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. So perhaps "PSP" is the organization, and "fonte da PSP" is the role, but in the example, they included both "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entities. Hmm, this is a bit confusing. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "fonte", "a mesma fonte", and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública". So the source is mentioned as "fonte" and "a mesma fonte", and the organization is "a Polícia de Segurança Pública". So in this case, the source is a role, and the organization is the entity. So in the current input, "fonte da PSP" would be the source (a role), and "PSP" (Policia de Segurança Pública) is the organization. But the example included both the role and the organization. However, in the current input, the source is "fonte da PSP", which is a role within the organization. So perhaps "fonte da PSP" is the participant, and "PSP" is the organization. But the example included both "fonte" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública". So maybe in this case, "fonte da PSP" is the entity, and "PSP" is the organization. Wait, but in the example, "fonte" was included as a separate entity. So maybe here, "fonte da PSP" is the entity, and "PSP" is another entity. But the example included both "fonte" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública". So perhaps in this case, "fonte da PSP" is the entity, and "PSP" is the organization. But the example had "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. So maybe "PSP" is the organization, and "fonte da PSP" is the role. But the example included both. So perhaps in this case, "fonte da PSP" is the entity, and "PSP" is the organization. However, the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. So maybe in the current input, "PSP" is the organization, and "fonte da PSP" is the role. But the example included both the role and the organization. So I need to include both "fonte da PSP" and "PSP" as participants. But in the example, "fonte" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" were both included. So here, "fonte da PSP" is the entity, and "PSP" is the organization. Therefore, both should be included.

Also, "Lusa" is the news agency, so that's another organization. The example included "à agência Lusa" as a participant. So here, "à Lusa" would be the entity, and "Lusa" is the organization. But in the example, it was "à agência Lusa" as the entity. So in this case, "à Lusa" is the entity, and "Lusa" is the organization. Wait, but in the example, "à agência Lusa" was included as a participant. So here, "à Lusa" is the entity. However, the user's input uses "disse à Lusa fonte da PSP", so "à Lusa" is the entity. So "Lusa" is the organization, but the example included "à agência Lusa" as the entity. So in this case, "à Lusa" is the entity. But maybe "Lusa" is the organization. However, the example included "à agência Lusa" as the entity. So perhaps in this case, "à Lusa" is the entity, and "Lusa" is the organization. But the example included both "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entities. So here, "à Lusa" is the entity, and "PSP" is the organization. But the example also included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. So in this case, "fonte da PSP" would be the entity, and "PSP" is the organization. Therefore, both should be included.

Now, the two men: "Dois homens de 22 e 33 anos". They are the victims. The example included "Avião" as a participant even without a name. So here, even though they are not named, their ages are given, so they are participants. The confidence might be lower because they are not named, but the text explicitly mentions them. So confidence could be around 0.8 or 0.7.

The location: "Bairro do Casal dos Machados" is a place, so a participant. "Lisboa" is the city, also a participant. The example included "Lisboa" as a participant. So both locations are included.

The organizations: "PSP" (Policia de Segurança Pública) and "Lusa" (agência Lusa). The example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "à agência Lusa". So in this case, "PSP" and "Lusa" are the organizations, but the input uses "fonte da PSP" and "à Lusa". So the entities would be "fonte da PSP", "PSP", "à Lusa", and "Lusa"? Wait, in the example, "à agência Lusa" was included as an entity, so here "à Lusa" would be the entity. But "Lusa" is the organization. However, the example included "à agência Lusa" as the entity. So in this case, "à Lusa" is the entity, and "Lusa" is the organization. But the example also included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. So here, "PSP" is the organization, and "fonte da PSP" is the entity. Therefore, both should be included.

So compiling all the participants:

- "Dois homens de 22 e 33 anos" – participants, confidence 0.8
- "Bairro do Casal dos Machados" – location, confidence 0.9
- "Lisboa" – location, confidence 0.9
- "fonte da PSP" – source, confidence 0.8
- "PSP" – organization, confidence 0.9
- "à Lusa" – news agency, confidence 0.8
- "Lusa" – organization, confidence 0.9? Wait, but in the example, "à agência Lusa" was included as the entity. So here, "à Lusa" is the entity. However, "Lusa" is the organization. But the example included "à agência Lusa" as the entity, not "Lusa" itself. So in this case, "à Lusa" is the entity, and "Lusa" is the organization. But the example didn't include "Lusa" as a separate entity. Wait, looking back at the example input and output:

In the example input, the output included "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública". So "à agência Lusa" is the entity, and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" is the organization. So in this case, "à Lusa" is the entity, and "Lusa" is the organization. But the example didn't include "Lusa" as a separate entity. So perhaps "à Lusa" is the entity, and "Lusa" is not included as a separate entity. However, the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. So in this case, "PSP" is the organization, and "fonte da PSP" is the entity. So "PSP" is included as a participant. Therefore, in the current input, "à Lusa" is the entity, and "Lusa" is the organization. But the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as the organization. So in this case, "PSP" is the organization, and "fonte da PSP" is the entity. So "PSP" is included as a participant. Therefore, "à Lusa" is the entity, and "Lusa" is not included as a separate entity. Wait, but in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was included as a participant. So in this case, "PSP" is the organization, and "fonte da PSP" is the entity. Therefore, "PSP" is included as a participant. So in the current input, "PSP" is the organization, and "fonte da PSP" is the entity. Therefore, both should be included. However, "Lusa" is the organization, but the input says "disse à Lusa", so "à Lusa" is the entity. The example included "à agência Lusa" as the entity, not "Lusa" itself. Therefore, in this case, "à Lusa" is the entity, and "Lusa" is not included as a separate entity. But the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as the organization. So in this case, "PSP" is the organization, and "fonte da PSP" is the entity. Therefore, "PSP" is included as a participant. So the entities would be:

- "Dois homens de 22 e 33 anos"
- "Bairro do Casal dos Machados"
- "Lisboa"
- "fonte da PSP"
- "PSP"
- "à Lusa"

Wait, but in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was included as a participant. So in this case, "PSP" is the organization, and "fonte da PSP" is the entity. Therefore, "PSP" is included as a participant. So the list would be:

["Dois homens de 22 e 33 anos", 0.8], ["Bairro do Casal dos Machados", 0.9], ["Lisboa", 0.9], ["fonte da PSP", 0.8], ["PSP", 0.9], ["à Lusa", 0.8]

But wait, the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant, which is the full name. In the input, it's "fonte da PSP", so "PSP" is the acronym. But the example included the full name. However, the user's input might use the acronym, so "PSP" is the entity. But the example included the full name. However, the user's instruction says to extract entities as they are mentioned. So if the input uses "PSP", that's the entity. But in the example, the input had "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" and the output included that. So in this case, the input uses "PSP", so the entity is "PSP". Therefore, "PSP" is the entity. However, the example included the full name. But the user's input might use the acronym. So in this case, "PSP" is the entity. Therefore, the list would include "PSP" as a participant. 

But the example also included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. In the current input, "fonte da PSP" is the entity. So that's included. 

Also, the example had "os aeroportos" as a participant. In this case, the input mentions "os aeroportos de Farnborough" and "Lisboa", but in the current input, it's "no Bairro do Casal dos Machados, em Lisboa". So "Bairro do Casal dos Machados" and "Lisboa" are the locations. 

So the final list would be:

["Dois homens de 22 e 33 anos", 0.8], ["Bairro do Casal dos Machados", 0.9], ["Lisboa", 0.9], ["fonte da PSP", 0.8], ["PSP", 0.9], ["à Lusa", 0.8]

But wait, the example included "Lisboa" multiple times. In the example input, "Lisboa" was mentioned multiple times, and each occurrence was included as a separate entity. However, in the output, they were all listed as separate entries. So in this case, "Lisboa" is mentioned once, so it's included once. 

Another thing to check: the example included "a mesma fonte" as a participant. In the current input, the source is mentioned once as "fonte da PSP", so that's one entry. 

So the final JSON array would be as above.
</think>

[["Dois homens de 22 e 33 anos", 0.8], ["Bairro do Casal dos Machados", 0.9], ["Lisboa", 0.9], ["fonte da PSP", 0.8], ["PSP", 0.9], ["à Lusa", 0.8]]