<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "De acordo com a fonte, a desordem, que envolveu vários pessoas e armas de fogo, terá começado junto às bombas de gasolina da Avenida Infante D."

Breaking it down, the main event here is a disorder (desordem) involving several people and firearms, starting near gas pumps on Avenida Infante D. 

Now, identifying participants. The text mentions "a fonte" (the source), which is a participant as they provided the information. Then "várias pessoas" (several people) are directly involved in the disorder. "Armas de fogo" (firearms) are also involved, though they are objects. However, the definition says participants can be entities, so maybe firearms count here. "Bombas de gasolina" (gas pumps) are locations where the event started. "Avenida Infante D." is the specific location. 

Wait, the example included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants. So locations might be considered participants if they are part of the event's context. Also, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were included in the example. Here, "a fonte" is mentioned once, so that's a participant. 

But I need to check if all these are considered participants. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The gas pumps and avenue are locations where the event happened, so they might be included. However, sometimes locations are considered as part of the context rather than participants. But the example included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants, so maybe locations are included here as well.

So possible participants: "a fonte", "várias pessoas", "armas de fogo", "bombas de gasolina", "Avenida Infante D.".

Wait, the example also included "os aeroportos" and "Farnborough", "Inglaterra", "Lisboa" as participants. So even if they are locations, they are included. So in this case, "Avenida Infante D." would be a participant. Also, "bombas de gasolina" (gas pumps) are part of the location where the event started, so they might be considered as participants.

But "armas de fogo" are objects involved in the disorder. The definition says participants can be entities, so objects might be included. However, in the example, "o motor" and "um motor" were included, which are parts of the airplane. So maybe objects like firearms are considered participants here.

So compiling the list:

- "a fonte" (confidence high, maybe 0.9)
- "várias pessoas" (confidence high, 0.9)
- "armas de fogo" (confidence medium, 0.7)
- "bombas de gasolina" (confidence medium, 0.7)
- "Avenida Infante D." (confidence high, 0.9)

Wait, but the example included "a aeronave" and "o avião" as separate entities. Here, "várias pessoas" is plural, but in the example, "várias pessoas" would be considered as "pessoas" or "várias pessoas" as the entity. Also, in the example, "os aeroportos" was included. So maybe "várias pessoas" is the entity here.

But the user's example output included "várias pessoas" as "várias pessoas" with confidence. So I should include "várias pessoas" as is.

Also, "a fonte" is mentioned once, so that's one entry. "Avenida Infante D." is a location, so included. "bombas de gasolina" is part of the location, but maybe as a separate entity. However, the example included "bombas de gasolina" as part of the location, but in the input, it's "junto às bombas de gasolina da Avenida Infante D." So "bombas de gasolina" and "Avenida Infante D." are both participants.

So the final list would be:

["a fonte", 0.9], ["várias pessoas", 0.9], ["armas de fogo", 0.7], ["bombas de gasolina", 0.7], ["Avenida Infante D.", 0.9]

Wait, but the example included "Lisboa" multiple times. In this case, "Avenida Infante D." is a specific location, so it's included once. Also, "bombas de gasolina" is a specific entity here. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The text doesn't mention any organizations or other entities except "a fonte", which is a participant. So the list should be as above.
</think>

[["a fonte", 0.9], ["várias pessoas", 0.9], ["armas de fogo", 0.7], ["bombas de gasolina", 0.7], ["Avenida Infante D.", 0.9]]