<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what counts as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Henrique e terminou no Largo Maria Judite de Carvalho, no Casal dos Machados, na freguesia do Parque das Nações."

Breaking it down, the main components here are:

1. "Henrique" – This seems like a person's name. The verb "terminou" (ended) is associated with him, so he's an active participant. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

2. "Largo Maria Judite de Carvalho" – This is a specific place name. Since it's where the event (ending) occurred, it's a location involved. Confidence around 0.9.

3. "Casal dos Machados" – Another location mentioned. It's part of the address, so it's a participant as a place. Confidence 0.85.

4. "Parque das Nações" – A freguesia (parish) name, which is a larger administrative area. Again, a location participant. Confidence 0.8.

Now, checking for any other entities. The sentence structure is "Henrique e terminou no [location], no [location], na [freguesia]." The "e" might be a typo or part of a name, but "Henrique" is the only named entity here. The rest are all places. 

I need to ensure that I'm not missing any other entities. The text doesn't mention any organizations, groups, or other individuals. The locations are all proper nouns, so they should be included. 

Confidence scores: Henrique is clearly a person, so high confidence. The locations are proper names, so high confidence as well. The repetition of "no" and "na" are prepositions, not entities. 

Final list should include each entity once, even if mentioned multiple times. Wait, the example output in the task included duplicates like "Lisboa" multiple times. But in this case, "Lisboa" isn't repeated here. However, "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was included as a separate entity. So in this input, "Largo Maria Judite de Carvalho", "Casal dos Machados", and "Parque das Nações" are all distinct locations. 

So the final answer would be the four entities with their respective confidence scores.
</think>

[["Henrique", 0.95], ["Largo Maria Judite de Carvalho", 0.9], ["Casal dos Machados", 0.85], ["Parque das Nações", 0.8]]