<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, organizations, places, etc., and they might be mentioned explicitly or inferred.

Looking at the input sentence: "Na sequência da desordem, um homem de 33 anos ficou ferido com gravidade e foi transportado de ambulância ao Hospital de Santa Maria."

First, I need to identify all the participants. Let's break it down.

1. "um homem de 33 anos" – This is a person, specifically a man who is 33 years old. He's the one who was injured. So, "homem" or "um homem de 33 anos" would be a participant. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

2. "Hospital de Santa Maria" – This is a hospital, so an organization or institution involved. The man was taken there. Confidence is high, around 0.9.

3. "ambulância" – The ambulance is a vehicle involved in transporting the man. But wait, the definition says participants are entities actively involved or impacted. The ambulance is a tool used, but is it a participant? The example in the task included "o motor" (the engine) as a participant, so maybe inanimate objects can be participants if they are part of the event. So "ambulância" might be included. Confidence here is maybe 0.8.

4. "desordem" – The disorder or chaos that led to the incident. But is "desordem" a participant? The definition says participants are those involved in or impacted by the event. The disorder is the cause, but not an entity. Maybe not. The example didn't include events as participants, only entities. So maybe exclude "desordem".

5. "Santa Maria" – The hospital's name is "Hospital de Santa Maria", so "Santa Maria" is part of the hospital's name. But in the example, they included the full name. However, in the output example, they had "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant. So maybe the full name is better. But in the input, it's "Hospital de Santa Maria", so the full entity is "Hospital de Santa Maria", not just "Santa Maria". So I should include the full name.

6. Are there any other entities? The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations, people, or places. The "ambulância" is a vehicle, but is it considered a participant? The example included "o motor" as a participant, so maybe "ambulância" is also a participant. But the user might expect only the main entities. However, the example included "o motor" and "a aeronave", so maybe inanimate objects are included if they are directly involved.

So compiling the list:

- "um homem de 33 anos" (confidence 0.95)
- "Hospital de Santa Maria" (0.9)
- "ambulância" (0.8)

Wait, but in the example, they included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as separate entries. So maybe "ambulância" is a participant here. Also, the user's example included "aeroporto" as a participant, so places are included. So "Hospital de Santa Maria" is a place, and "ambulância" is a vehicle, both participants.

But the user's example output had "aeroporto" as a participant, so maybe "Hospital de Santa Maria" is a participant. Also, "ambulância" is a vehicle used, so it's a participant.

So the final list would be:

["um homem de 33 anos", 0.95], ["Hospital de Santa Maria", 0.9], ["ambulância", 0.8]

Wait, but the example output had entries like "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. However, in the input, "o motor" was mentioned twice. But in this case, "ambulância" is mentioned once. So maybe that's okay.

I need to make sure I'm not missing any other entities. The sentence mentions the man, the hospital, the ambulance. The "desordem" is the cause but not an entity. So the three entities are correct.
</think>

[["um homem de 33 anos", 0.95], ["Hospital de Santa Maria", 0.9], ["ambulância", 0.8]]