<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "“Três viaturas ficaram danificadas devido também a disparos de arma de fogo”, referiu." 

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main event is the damage to three vehicles due to gunfire. The participants would be the vehicles, the gunfire, and maybe the person who made the statement. 

"Três viaturas" – that's three vehicles. So "viaturas" is a participant. But the number three might be a count, not an entity. However, the text says "Três viaturas", so maybe the entity is "viaturas" and the count is just a number. But the example in the task includes "Um avião" and "a aeronave" as separate entities. So maybe each mention is considered even if they refer to the same thing. 

"disparos de arma de fogo" – this is the cause, so "arma de fogo" (firearm) is a participant. But "disparos" (shots) might be the action, but the entity here is the firearm. Wait, the example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So even if it's the same thing, different mentions are treated as separate entities. 

"referiu" – the person who made the statement. The original example had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So here, the speaker is referred to as "referiu", but the subject isn't named. However, in the example, "fonte" was included as a participant. So in this case, even though the speaker isn't named, "referiu" might imply a participant, but the example didn't include "referiu" as an entity. Wait, in the example, the output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. So maybe in this case, the speaker is "referiu", but since it's a verb, not a noun, maybe it's not an entity. Wait, the example had "fonte" as an entity. So in the input, "referiu" is a verb, but the subject is the speaker, which might be an entity. However, the speaker isn't named here. So maybe "referiu" isn't an entity. 

So the entities here are "Três viaturas", "viaturas", "disparos de arma de fogo", "arma de fogo". Wait, but "disparos de arma de fogo" is the cause. The example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entities. So "viaturas" and "três viaturas" would be separate. Also, "arma de fogo" is the entity. 

But the example had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So in this case, "Três viaturas" and "viaturas" would be separate. Also, "disparos de arma de fogo" and "arma de fogo" might be separate. However, "disparos de arma de fogo" is a phrase, but the main entity is the firearm. 

Wait, the example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entities. So even if they refer to the same thing, different mentions are considered separate. So here, "Três viaturas" and "viaturas" would be separate. Also, "disparos de arma de fogo" and "arma de fogo" might be separate. But "disparos" is the action, not the entity. The entity here is the firearm. So "arma de fogo" is the participant. 

So the entities would be: "Três viaturas", "viaturas", "arma de fogo", "disparos de arma de fogo". Wait, but "disparos de arma de fogo" is the cause, which is the action, but the entity is the firearm. So maybe "arma de fogo" is the participant. 

But the example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entities. So in this case, "Três viaturas" and "viaturas" would be separate. Also, "disparos de arma de fogo" might be considered as an event, but the participants are the vehicles and the firearm. 

So the final list would be: ["Três viaturas", "viaturas", "arma de fogo", "disparos de arma de fogo"]. But I need to check the confidence. For "Três viaturas", confidence might be 0.9, "viaturas" 0.9, "arma de fogo" 0.9, "disparos de arma de fogo" 0.8. But maybe "disparos de arma de fogo" is not an entity but the cause. Wait, the example included "o motor" as an entity. So "disparos de arma de fogo" is the cause, but the entity is the firearm. So maybe "arma de fogo" is the participant. 

Alternatively, "disparos de arma de fogo" is the action, but the participant is the person who fired, but that's not mentioned. So the participants are the vehicles and the firearm. 

So the entities are "Três viaturas", "viaturas", "arma de fogo". But the example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate. So "Três viaturas" and "viaturas" are separate. 

So the output would be:

[["Três viaturas", 0.9], ["viaturas", 0.9], ["arma de fogo", 0.9], ["disparos de arma de fogo", 0.8]]

Wait, but the example had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate. So "disparos de arma de fogo" is a phrase, but the entity is the firearm. So maybe "arma de fogo" is the participant. The "disparos" is the action, but the entity is the firearm. So maybe "arma de fogo" is the participant. 

But the example had "o motor" as an entity. So in this case, "arma de fogo" is the entity. 

So the final list would be:

["Três viaturas", "viaturas", "arma de fogo"]

But the example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate. So "Três viaturas" and "viaturas" are separate. 

So the answer would be:

[["Três viaturas", 0.9], ["viaturas", 0.9], ["arma de fogo", 0.9]]
</think>

[["Três viaturas", 0.9], ["viaturas", 0.9], ["arma de fogo", 0.9]]