<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Soumaila Cissé, líder da oposição do Mali, morreu hoje em França, para onde foi transferido para tratamento contra a covid-19", disse um membro de sua família à Agência France-Presse (AFP)."

Breaking this down, the main entities here are:

1. Soumaila Cissé – clearly an individual, the subject of the sentence.
2. Líder da oposição do Mali – this is a role or title, but since it's part of the description of Soumaila Cissé, maybe it's a participant. However, the example might not include titles unless they are proper nouns. Wait, in the example, "o motor" was included, so maybe roles like "líder da oposição" are considered participants. Hmm, but in the example, "o motor" is a part of the plane, so maybe it's included. But here, "líder da oposição do Mali" is a role, but the actual participant is Soumaila Cissé. However, the example includes "o motor" as a participant, so maybe any noun phrase that's a participant is included. 

Wait, the example output includes "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So even if it's a part of the plane, it's considered a participant. So in this case, "líder da oposição do Mali" might be considered a participant, but it's a role. However, the example includes "a aeronave" as a participant. So maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity is considered a participant. 

So, looking at the input:

- "Soumaila Cissé" is definitely a participant.
- "líder da oposição do Mali" – this is a title, but since it's part of the description of Soumaila Cissé, maybe it's not a separate participant. But the example includes "o motor" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe any noun phrase that's a participant is included. However, "líder da oposição do Mali" is a role, not an entity. But in the example, "a aeronave" is included, which is the plane. So perhaps in this case, "líder da oposição do Mali" is not a separate participant but part of the description of Soumaila Cissé. 

Next, "França" is a country, so that's a participant. "Membro de sua família" – this is a person, but the text says "um membro de sua família", so it's a participant. However, the example includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. So "um membro de sua família" would be a participant. 

Then "Agência France-Presse (AFP)" is an organization, so that's a participant. Also, "a Agência France-Presse (AFP)" is the same as "Agência France-Presse (AFP)", but in the example, they included both "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entries. So in this case, "Agência France-Presse (AFP)" is a participant. 

Also, "tratamento contra a covid-19" – this is a medical treatment, but not an entity. So probably not a participant. 

So compiling the list:

1. "Soumaila Cissé" – high confidence.
2. "membro de sua família" – but the text says "um membro de sua família", so "um membro de sua família" is the participant. However, in the example, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So here, "um membro de sua família" would be a participant. But maybe "membro de sua família" is the entity. Wait, the example includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So in this case, "um membro de sua família" is the participant. But the user might expect "membro de sua família" as the entity. However, the exact phrase used in the input is "um membro de sua família", so that's the entity. 

Wait, the example includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So even if it's the same entity, they are listed as separate entries. So in this case, "um membro de sua família" is one entry, and "a Agência France-Presse (AFP)" is another. 

Also, "Mali" is mentioned as "do Mali", so that's a country, a participant. 

Wait, the input says "líder da oposição do Mali" – "do Mali" refers to the country Mali. So "Mali" is a participant. 

So the participants would be:

- Soumaila Cissé
- líder da oposição do Mali (but is this a separate entity? Or is it part of the description of Soumaila Cissé? The example includes "o motor" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe "líder da oposição do Mali" is a role, but the actual participant is Soumaila Cissé. However, the example includes "a aeronave" as a participant. So maybe "líder da oposição do Mali" is not a participant, but "Mali" is. 

Wait, the input says "líder da oposição do Mali" – "do Mali" is the country. So "Mali" is a participant. 

So the list would be:

- "Soumaila Cissé"
- "Mali"
- "França"
- "um membro de sua família"
- "Agência France-Presse (AFP)"
- "tratamento contra a covid-19" – but this is a treatment, not an entity. So probably not. 

Wait, the example includes "o motor" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So in this case, "tratamento contra a covid-19" is a process, not an entity. So not a participant. 

So the final list would be:

["Soumaila Cissé", "Mali", "França", "um membro de sua família", "Agência France-Presse (AFP)"]

But need to check for any other entities. The input also mentions "tratamento contra a covid-19", but that's not an entity. 

Wait, the example includes "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So even if it's the same thing, they are listed. So in this case, "Mali" is mentioned once, but in the input, it's "do Mali", so "Mali" is the entity. 

Also, "Agência France-Presse (AFP)" is an organization. 

So the JSON array would be:

[
  ["Soumaila Cissé", 0.95],
  ["Mali", 0.8],
  ["França", 0.8],
  ["um membro de sua família", 0.7],
  ["Agência France-Presse (AFP)", 0.9]
]

But need to check if "líder da oposição do Mali" is considered a participant. The example includes "a aeronave" as a participant, which is the plane. So "líder da oposição do Mali" is a title, but the actual participant is Soumaila Cissé. So maybe not. 

Alternatively, if the title is considered a participant, but I think the example doesn't include titles unless they are proper nouns. For example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" is an organization. 

So I think the correct participants here are the ones listed above. The confidence scores are estimates based on the presence in the text. "Soumaila Cissé" is definitely a participant with high confidence. "Mali" and "França" are countries, so high confidence. "um membro de sua família" is a person, but since it's a generic term, maybe lower confidence. "Agência France-Presse (AFP)" is an organization, high confidence.
</think>

[["Soumaila Cissé", 0.95], ["Mali", 0.85], ["França", 0.85], ["um membro de sua família", 0.75], ["Agência France-Presse (AFP)", 0.9]]