<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their own confidence. 

First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred. So, I need to look for all such entities in the input text.

The input here is "Ele está morto." which translates to "He is dead." in English. The main entity here is "Ele" (He), which refers to an individual. However, since the text doesn't provide any specific name or additional context about who "Ele" is, it's just a pronoun. 

Now, the challenge is whether to include "Ele" as a participant. Since the definition includes individuals, even if they're referred to by a pronoun, they should be considered. However, without more context, the confidence might be lower because we don't know the actual name or identity of the person. 

Looking at the example given in the task, they included entities like "Avião" (Airplane), "o motor" (the motor), etc., even if they were repeated. So, in this case, "Ele" is the only entity mentioned. But wait, the output example also included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source), which are entities even though they are not specific names. 

So, in the input "Ele está morto.", the only participant is "Ele". However, the user might expect that since "Ele" is a pronoun, it's not a specific entity. But according to the definition, participants can be individuals, even if referred to by a pronoun. However, the example in the task didn't include pronouns unless they were explicitly named. Wait, in the example, they included "fonte" (source) which is a role, not a specific person. So maybe even roles or pronouns are considered if they are entities in the context.

Alternatively, maybe the user expects that "Ele" is not a specific entity but a pronoun, so it's not a participant. But the definition says participants are individuals, groups, etc., so "Ele" refers to an individual, even if not named. However, without a name, the confidence might be low. 

But the example output includes entities like "fonte" (source) which is a role, not a specific name. So maybe even roles or pronouns are considered. However, in the given input, "Ele" is the only entity. 

Wait, but the example output for the first input included "aeroporto" (airport) as an entity. So, even if it's a generic term, if it's part of the event, it's included. So in this case, "Ele" is the only participant. 

But the user's example output for the first input had multiple entries, including repeated mentions. So, in this case, "Ele" is mentioned once. Therefore, the output should be [["Ele", 0.5]] or something like that. The confidence is a number between 0 and 1. Since "Ele" is a pronoun and not a specific name, the confidence might be lower, maybe around 0.5. 

Alternatively, if the system is supposed to extract only named entities, then "Ele" might not be considered. But the definition says participants can be inferred from context. Since "Ele" is an individual, even if not named, it's a participant. 

So, the correct answer would be [["Ele", 0.5]] or similar. But I need to check if there are any other entities. The sentence is very short, so I don't think there are others. The word "morte" (death) is an event, not a participant. So, the only participant is "Ele".
</think>

[["Ele", 0.5]]