<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified categories. Let me start by understanding the sentence and the entities involved.

The sentence says: "Foi libertado em outubro, após seis meses de cativeiro às mãos de ‘jihadistas’ ao mesmo tempo que a francesa Sophie Pétronin e dois italianos, em troca de 200 detidos libertados."

Participants to classify are: ["jihadistas", "Sophie Pétronin", "dois italianos", "200 detidos"]

First, I need to determine the class for each entity.

Starting with "jihadistas". The term refers to individuals or groups involved in jihad, which is a religious concept. However, in this context, they are the captors. Since they are human individuals or groups, but the category "Per" is for human individuals or fictitious characters and divine entities. However, "jihadistas" here are likely referring to a group or organization, not a specific individual. Wait, but the category "Org" is for organizations. But "jihadistas" could be a group, but sometimes it's used more generally. However, in the examples, "Per" includes human individuals or divine entities. If "jihadistas" are considered as a group, maybe they are an organization. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, if they are individuals, then "Per". But the term is plural, so maybe it's a group. However, in the examples, "Per" includes entities like "O rapaz", which is a person. But "jihadistas" could be a collective noun, but maybe it's considered as an organization here. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. Let me check the definitions again. "Org" is for entities with organizational structure. If "jihadistas" refers to a specific group with structure, then Org. Otherwise, if it's a general term for individuals, maybe Per. But since the sentence says "às mãos de ‘jihadistas’", which translates to "at the hands of jihadists", implying the captors are the group. So maybe "jihadistas" is an organization. But I'm not entirely sure. Alternatively, if they are individuals, then Per. But since it's plural, maybe they are a group. However, in the absence of a specific name, it's hard to tell. Maybe the safest is to classify as Org, but I'm not 100% confident. Let's tentatively put Org with a confidence of 0.7.

Next, "Sophie Pétronin" is a person's name, specifically a French woman. So that's clearly a Per (human individual). Confidence here is high, like 0.95.

"dois italianos" translates to "two Italians". Since they are individuals, even though plural, each is a human. So Per. Confidence is high, maybe 0.9.

"200 detidos" is "200 detainees". Detainees are people held in custody. So they are humans, so Per. But wait, the category "Per" includes human individuals. However, "200 detidos" is a group of people. But the classification is per entity. Since the entity is "200 detidos", which refers to individuals, but the count is plural. However, the class Per is for individuals or groups? Wait, the definition says "entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities." So even if it's a group, if it's referring to people, maybe Per. But the examples have "O cao" (the dog) as Nat. So for "200 detidos", even though it's a group, since they are humans, it's Per. So I think Per here. Confidence is around 0.85.

Wait, but the example given for Per is "O rapaz" (the boy), which is singular. But the participants to classify can be plural. So "dois italianos" is two individuals, so Per. "200 detidos" is 200 individuals, so Per. So all of them are Per. But "jihadistas" is a bit ambiguous. If it's a group, maybe Org. But if it's a collective noun for individuals, then Per. However, in the context, they are the captors, so they are the ones holding the person, so they are the ones acting. If they are an organization, then Org. But without more context, it's hard. Maybe the safest is to go with Per, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, if "jihadistas" is a group name, like an organization, then Org. But I think in this case, since it's not a specific organization name, but a general term, it's more likely to be Per. Wait, but the example for Org includes "A EDP" which is a company. So if "jihadistas" is a group, but not a formal organization, maybe it's not Org. So perhaps Per. But I'm not sure. Maybe the answer is Per for "jihadistas" as well. But I need to check the definitions again.

The definition for Per: entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. So if "jihadistas" refers to individuals, even if in plural, then Per. If it's a group, but not an organization, maybe Per. But if it's an organization, then Org. Since the term is in quotes, maybe it's a specific group, but without more info, it's hard. Given the ambiguity, I'll go with Per for "jihadistas" with a confidence of 0.7. Alternatively, if it's a group, maybe Org. Hmm. This is a tough one. Let me think again. In the example, "A EDP" is an organization. "jihadistas" is a term that can refer to individuals or groups. But in this context, they are the captors, so they are the ones holding the person. If they are a group, but not an organization, then Per. If they are an organization, then Org. Since the sentence doesn't specify a name, it's more likely to be a group of individuals, so Per. So I'll go with Per for "jihadistas" with 0.7 confidence.

So the classifications would be:

- "jihadistas" → Per (0.7)
- "Sophie Pétronin" → Per (0.95)
- "dois italianos" → Per (0.9)
- "200 detidos" → Per (0.85)

But wait, "200 detidos" is a group of people, but the class Per is for individuals. However, the definition says "entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities." So even if it's a group, if it's referring to people, it's Per. So yes, Per. So all four are Per except maybe "jihadistas" which is ambiguous. But I think Per is the correct class here.
</think>

<Output>[["jihadistas", "Per", 0.7], ["Sophie Pétronin", "Per", 0.95], ["dois italianos", "Per", 0.9], ["200 detidos", "Per", 0.85]]</Output>