<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their own confidence. 

First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred. The example includes things like "Avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc., which are all entities involved in the event of the emergency landing.

Looking at the input text: "Não sofri nenhuma violência, nem física nem verbal", afirmou, após sua libertação." The main entity here is the speaker, who is making the statement. The speaker is referred to as "ela" (she) in the Portuguese text, but the pronoun isn't explicitly mentioned. However, in the example, they included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) even though they were not explicitly named. So maybe even if the speaker isn't named, we should infer them as a participant.

Wait, in the input, the speaker is "ela" (she), but the text doesn't give her name. However, in the example, they included "fonte" as a participant. So perhaps in this case, even though the speaker isn't named, we can consider "ela" as a participant. But the example also includes "a mesma fonte" which is a reference back to the same source. However, in the given input, the speaker is just "ela" and there's no mention of a source or organization. 

Wait, the input is a direct quote: "Não sofri nenhuma violência..." followed by "afirmou, após sua libertação." The "afirmou" (stated) is the action, and the subject is "ela" (she), but the text doesn't name her. However, in the example, they included "fonte" even though it wasn't explicitly named. Wait, in the example input, the source was mentioned as "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and later "a mesma fonte." So in that case, "fonte" was used as a participant. 

But in the current input, the speaker is not named. The only entity mentioned is the speaker, but since she's not named, should we include her? The example included "fonte" even though it was a role, not a specific name. Maybe in this case, the speaker is considered a participant, even if not named. But the example output didn't include the speaker if they weren't named. Wait, looking back at the example input, the output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte," which were not explicitly named entities but referred to as a role. So maybe in this case, the speaker is "ela" (she), but since it's a pronoun, perhaps we should not include it as a participant unless it's explicitly named. 

Alternatively, maybe the speaker is considered a participant even if not named. But the example didn't include pronouns. For instance, in the example input, the output included "Um avião", "o motor", etc., but not the pronouns like "um" or "a". So perhaps pronouns are not considered participants unless they refer to a named entity. 

In the current input, the only explicit entity is the speaker, but she's not named. Therefore, maybe there are no participants to extract. However, the example included "fonte" even though it wasn't a named entity. Wait, in the example input, the source was mentioned as "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and later as "a mesma fonte." So "fonte" was used as a participant. But in the current input, the speaker is just "ela" without any organization or name. So perhaps "ela" is not considered a participant unless it's explicitly named. 

Alternatively, maybe the speaker is considered a participant even if not named. But the example didn't include pronouns. For example, in the example input, the output didn't include "um" or "a" as participants. So maybe only named entities or specific roles are considered. 

In this case, the input only has the speaker's statement, but no named entities. Therefore, the output might be an empty list. But that seems unlikely. Let me check the example again. The example input included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants, even though they were not explicitly named. Wait, in the example input, the source was "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and later referred to as "a mesma fonte." So "fonte" was used as a participant. But in the current input, the speaker is "ela" (she), which is a pronoun, not a named entity. 

Therefore, perhaps the answer is that there are no participants to extract, but that seems odd. Alternatively, maybe the speaker is considered a participant, but since she's not named, the confidence is low. However, the example included "fonte" even when it was a role, not a name. So maybe in this case, the speaker is considered a participant, even if not named. But how to represent that? 

Alternatively, maybe the speaker is not a participant because she's not explicitly named or referred to as an entity. The example included "fonte" because it was a role, but in this case, the speaker is just a pronoun. 

Hmm, this is a bit confusing. Let me think again. The task says participants are entities actively involved or impacted. The speaker is making a statement, so she is involved. But since she's not named, perhaps we can't extract her as a participant. However, in the example, they included "fonte" even though it was a role. So maybe in this case, the speaker is considered a participant, even if not named. 

But how to represent that? The example included "fonte" as a participant. So maybe in this case, "ela" is the participant, but since it's a pronoun, perhaps we should not include it. Alternatively, maybe the speaker is considered a participant, and we can note that as "ela" with a low confidence. 

But the example didn't include pronouns. For instance, in the example input, the output didn't include "um" or "a" as participants. So perhaps only named entities or specific roles are considered. 

In this case, the input doesn't mention any named entities or organizations. The only entity is the speaker, but she's not named. Therefore, the answer might be an empty list. However, the example included "fonte" even though it wasn't a named entity. Wait, in the example input, the source was "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública," so "fonte" was a role, but in the output, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. 

So maybe in this case, the speaker is considered a participant, and we can include "ela" with a confidence score. But the example didn't include pronouns. Alternatively, maybe the speaker is not considered a participant because she's not explicitly named. 

This is a bit tricky. Given the example, perhaps the answer is that there are no participants to extract, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe the speaker is considered a participant, and we can include "ela" with a confidence of 0.5. However, the example didn't include pronouns, so maybe the answer is an empty list. 

But the example output included "fonte" even though it was a role, not a name. So maybe in this case, the speaker is considered a participant, and we can include "ela" with a confidence. However, the example didn't include pronouns, so maybe it's better to not include them. 

Alternatively, maybe the speaker is not considered a participant because she's not explicitly named. Therefore, the output is an empty list. But that seems unlikely. 

Wait, the example input had "fonte" as a participant, even though it was a role. So perhaps in this case, the speaker is considered a participant, even if not named. Therefore, the answer would be [["ela", 0.5]] or something like that. But the example didn't include pronouns, so maybe that's not the case. 

Alternatively, maybe the speaker is not a participant because she's not an entity. Participants are entities, so if the speaker is not named, she's not considered a participant. Therefore, the output is empty. 

But the example included "fonte" as a participant, which is a role, not a named entity. So perhaps "fonte" is considered a participant even though it's a role. Therefore, in this case, the speaker is a participant, and we can include "ela" with a confidence. 

But the example didn't include pronouns. Hmm. This is confusing. Maybe the answer is that there are no participants, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, the speaker is a participant, and we can include her. 

Given the ambiguity, perhaps the safest approach is to include "ela" as a participant with a low confidence, since she is the one making the statement and thus involved in the event. However, since the example didn't include pronouns, maybe it's better to not include her. 

Alternatively, maybe the speaker is not considered a participant here because the statement is about her own experience, but she's not an entity in the event. 

I think I need to go with the example's approach. In the example, "fonte" was included even though it was a role. So in this case, the speaker is a participant, and we can include "ela" with a confidence. But since the example didn't include pronouns, maybe the answer is that there are no participants. 

Alternatively, maybe the speaker is not a participant because she's not an entity. Participants are entities, so if she's not named, she's not considered. Therefore, the output is empty. 

But the example included "fonte" as a participant, which is a role, not a named entity. So perhaps the answer is to include "ela" as a participant. 

Given that, I'll proceed to include "ela" with a confidence of 0.5.
</think>

[["ela", 0.5]]