<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their own confidence.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Soumaila Cissé, engenheiro de computação, ficou em segundo lugar em três eleições presidenciais." 

Breaking this down, the main entities here are "Soumaila Cissé" and "três eleições presidenciais." The phrase "engenheiro de computação" is a descriptor for Soumaila Cissé, so that's part of his title but not a separate participant. The "três eleições presidenciais" refers to the three presidential elections, which are events, but according to the definition, participants are those involved or impacted. However, the elections themselves are events, not participants. Wait, but the definition says participants can be entities impacted by the event. Hmm, but in this case, the elections are the event, and Soumaila Cissé is the participant (he was a candidate, perhaps). The elections are the event, not a participant. So maybe "três eleições presidenciais" isn't a participant but the event. 

Wait, the example given in the task includes "aeroporto", "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", etc., which are locations. So maybe in this case, the participants are Soumaila Cissé and the three presidential elections. But the elections are events, not participants. Wait, the definition says participants are those involved in or impacted by the event. So if the elections are the event, then the participants would be the people involved in them, like the candidates, voters, organizers, etc. But in the input, the only person mentioned is Soumaila Cissé, who came in second place. So he is a participant. The elections themselves are the event, not a participant. 

So the only participant here is Soumaila Cissé. But the example output includes repeated mentions like "Um avião", "o motor", etc., even if they are the same entity. So in this case, the input has "Soumaila Cissé" once, so that's one entry. The "três eleições presidenciais" is the event, not a participant. Therefore, the only participant is Soumaila Cissé. 

Wait, but maybe the elections are considered as participants? No, because participants are the ones involved in the event. The elections are the event itself. So the answer should be ["Soumaila Cissé", ...]. But the example output includes "a aeronave" and "O avião" as separate entries. So in this case, even though "Soumaila Cissé" is mentioned once, it's one entry. 

So the output should be a list with ["Soumaila Cissé", confidence]. The confidence is a number between 0 and 1. Since the name is clearly mentioned, I can be confident, maybe 0.95. 

Wait, but the example output includes multiple entries for the same entity. For example, "Avião", "Um avião", "A aeronave", etc. So in this case, the input has "Soumaila Cissé" once, so only one entry. The other parts like "engenheiro de computação" are titles, not participants. 

Therefore, the correct output is a JSON list with one element: ["Soumaila Cissé", 0.95]. But I need to check if there are any other participants. The sentence says he came in second place in three presidential elections. The elections are events, not participants. So no other entities are participants. 

So the final answer should be a JSON array with one element, the name and confidence.
</think>

[["Soumaila Cissé", 0.95]]