<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Homem morre atingido por árvore em Monção". The participants to classify are "Homem", "árvore", and "Monção".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "Homem". The word "Homem" translates to "man" in English. Since it's referring to a person, that should be classified as "Person". 

Next is "árvore", which means "tree". Trees are natural objects, so this would fall under "Nature" or "Object". Wait, the classes include "Nature" as a separate category. Since a tree is a natural entity, maybe "Nature" is more appropriate here. But sometimes, objects like trees can be considered "Object". Hmm, the example given in the task had "motor" classified as "Obj" (Object). So maybe "árvore" should be "Object" here. But I need to check if "Nature" is meant for natural elements. The example didn't have any "Nature" classifications, but the classes do include it. Let me think. If "Nature" is for natural phenomena or elements, then "árvore" (tree) would be "Nature". However, in the example, "motor" was an object, so maybe "Object" is for man-made or inanimate objects, while "Nature" is for living natural things. But I'm not entirely sure. Maybe I should check the example again. The example had "aeroporto" as "Fac" (Facility), "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital" (which is a location), "fonte" as "Per" (Person). So "árvore" is a natural object, so "Nature" might be the right class here. But I need to confirm. Alternatively, if "Object" is used for any inanimate object regardless of origin, then "árvore" would be "Object". This is a bit ambiguous. Maybe the answer expects "Object" here, given that the example used "motor" as "Obj".

Then "Monção" is a place name. The example had "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", which is a location. So "Monção" is a location, so "Location" or "Pl_capital"? Wait, in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but "Monção" is a municipality in Portugal, so it's a location. However, the classes have "Location" as a category. Wait, looking back at the classes: the user provided classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Location" is a separate class. In the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but that might be a typo or a specific code. Wait, the example output had "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", but the classes listed are "Location". Maybe "Pl_capital" is a subcategory under "Location"? But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. Wait, looking back at the example output, the classes used are "Obj", "Fac", "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", "Pl_country", "Org", "Per", "Loc". Wait, that seems conflicting. The user's initial classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example output, they used codes like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", etc. That might be a mistake. Wait, the user's example output shows entries like ["Lisboa", "Pl_capital"], which suggests that the classes might have subcategories. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example is incorrect, or maybe "Pl_capital" is a typo for "Location". Alternatively, maybe the user made a mistake in the example. But since the user provided the example, I need to follow it. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. This is confusing. Let me check again.

The user's instruction says:

Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other

But in the example output, they have entries like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", etc. That seems inconsistent. Maybe that's a mistake in the example. Alternatively, perhaps "Pl_capital" is a code for "Location" (like "Pl" for "Place"), but the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. This is a problem. However, the user's example output uses "Pl_capital" as a class, but the instruction says to use the classes as Person, Organization, etc. So perhaps the example is wrong, and the correct classes are the ones listed. Therefore, for "Monção", which is a location, it should be classified as "Location".

So, putting it all together:

"Homem" is a person → Person.

"árvore" is a tree, which is a natural object → Nature or Object. Given the example's use of "motor" as Object, maybe Object is safer here.

"Monção" is a location → Location.

But I need to check the example again. In the example, "aeroporto" was classified as "Fac" (Facility), "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", but according to the classes given, "Location" is a class. So perhaps the example is using more specific subcategories, but the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, maybe the example is incorrect, and the correct classes are the ones listed. So "aeroporto" would be "Facility", "Lisboa" as "Location", etc.

So for the current input:

"Homem" → Person.

"árvore" → Object (since it's an object, even though it's natural, but the class "Nature" exists. Wait, the classes include "Nature" as a separate category. So if "Nature" is for natural elements, then "árvore" would be "Nature". But the example didn't have any "Nature" classifications. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. So "Nature" is a valid class. Therefore, "árvore" is "Nature".

"Monção" is a location → "Location".

So the final classifications would be:

["Homem", "Person"], ["árvore", "Nature"], ["Monção", "Location"].
</think>

[["Homem", "Person"], ["árvore", "Nature"], ["Monção", "Location"]]