<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I have to categorize each participant into one of the given classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

Starting with the first participant: "Fonte do INEM". "Fonte" means source, and "do INEM" is "of INEM". INEM is likely an organization, maybe the National Institute of Emergency Medicine in Portugal. So "Fonte do INEM" would be a person, as it's a source from the organization. So that's "Per" for Person.

Next is "INEM". Since it's an acronym, and in the context of emergency services, it's an organization. So "Org".

"Lusa" is a well-known news agency in Portugal, so that's definitely an Organization. "Org".

"Meio aéreo" translates to "aircraft" or "air means". That's an object, so "Obj".

"Duas ambulâncias" is "two ambulances". Ambulances are vehicles, which are objects. "Obj".

"Monção" and "Valença" are names of places. Monção is a municipality in Portugal, and Valença is a city in northern Portugal. Both are locations. So "Loc" for both.

Wait, but the classes include Location, which is "Loc". The example had "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" as subtypes, but the user instructions say to use the main classes. Wait, looking back at the example output, they used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" as classes. Wait, but the original classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Hmm, maybe the example used more specific subtypes, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Wait, the example output has entries like "Pl_capital" which might be a mistake. Wait, the user's initial instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example output, they have "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" as classes. That seems conflicting. Wait, maybe the example is using a different classification system. Wait, the user provided an example where the output includes classes like "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil", which are not in the original list. That's confusing.

Wait, looking back at the user's message. The classes listed are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example output, they have entries like "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil". That's a discrepancy. Maybe the user made a mistake in the example? Or perhaps the example is using a different classification system. But the user's instruction says to use the classes provided. So maybe the example is incorrect, and I should follow the classes as given. Wait, the user says: "Classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other" and then provides an example output with different classes. That's conflicting. But the user also says in the task: "Classify each of the participants listed under 'Participants to classify', according to how it is used in the input." So perhaps the example is using more specific subtypes, but the user wants the main classes. However, the example output includes "Pl_capital" which is not in the original list. This is confusing. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. So maybe the example is incorrect, and I should follow the main classes. Alternatively, maybe "Pl_capital" is a typo for "Location" (Pl for Place?), but that's unclear. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. Therefore, I should use the main classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So in the example, maybe "Pl_capital" was a mistake, and the correct class is "Location" or "Facility".

But given the confusion, perhaps the user expects the same as the example. Wait, in the example, "Lisboa" is classified as "Pl_capital", which would be a location. But the main class is "Location". So maybe the user wants the main class, and the example's "Pl_capital" is a mistake. Alternatively, maybe the user wants to use the more specific subtypes. But the original instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Therefore, I should use those. So in the example, "Lisboa" would be "Location", "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" is "Facility", etc.

So for the current task, the participants are:

"Fonte do INEM" – Person (Per)
"INEM" – Organization (Org)
"Lusa" – Organization (Org)
"meio aéreo" – Object (Obj)
"duas ambulâncias" – Object (Obj)
"Monção" – Location (Loc)
"Valença" – Location (Loc)

Wait, but "Monção" and "Valença" are cities, so they are locations. So the classifications would be:

["Fonte do INEM", "Per"], ["INEM", "Org"], ["Lusa", "Org"], ["meio aéreo", "Obj"], ["duas ambulâncias", "Obj"], ["Monção", "Loc"], ["Valença", "Loc"]

But I need to make sure that "Fonte do INEM" is a person. The term "Fonte" (source) is a person, so "Per" is correct. "INEM" is an organization. "Lusa" is an organization. "meio aéreo" is an object (aircraft). "duas ambulâncias" are objects. "Monção" and "Valença" are locations. So that's the classification.
</think>

[["Fonte do INEM", "Per"], ["INEM", "Org"], ["Lusa", "Org"], ["meio aéreo", "Obj"], ["duas ambulâncias", "Obj"], ["Monção", "Loc"], ["Valença", "Loc"]]