<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I have to categorize each participant into one of the given classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

Looking at the input sentence: "Ao local compareceram um total 16 operacionais dos Bombeiros de Monção e de Valença e cinco viaturas, entre elas a ambulância de Suporte Imediato de Vida (SIV) de Melgaço."

Participants to classify are:
1. operacionais dos Bombeiros de Monção e de Valença
2. Bombeiros de Monção
3. Bombeiros de Valença
4. cinco viaturas
5. a ambulância de Suporte Imediato de Vida (SIV) de Melgaço
6. Melgaço

Starting with the first participant: "operacionais dos Bombeiros de Monção e de Valença". "Operacionais" here refers to personnel or staff, so "operacionais" would be people. However, the phrase includes "Bombeiros de Monção e Valença", which are fire departments. But the main term here is "operacionais", which are individuals. So this might be a Person (Per) or maybe Organization if it's referring to the group. But since it's "operacionais" (operatives), which are people, I think it's Person.

Next, "Bombeiros de Monção" and "Bombeiros de Valença". These are fire departments, which are organizations. So both should be Organization (Org).

"cinco viaturas" translates to five vehicles. Vehicles are objects, so Object (Obj).

"a ambulância de Suporte Imediato de Vida (SIV) de Melgaço" is an ambulance. Ambulances are vehicles, which are objects. So Object (Obj).

"Melgaço" is a place name, specifically a municipality in Portugal. So that's a Location (Loc).

Wait, but the classes include Location, which is for places. So Melgaço is a Location. The other locations in the input might be Monção and Valença, but they are part of the Bombeiros names, which are organizations. But in the participants list, only Melgaço is present. So Melgaço is Location.

Let me double-check each:

1. operacionais dos Bombeiros... – Person (Per)
2. Bombeiros de Monção – Org
3. Bombeiros de Valença – Org
4. cinco viaturas – Obj
5. a ambulância... – Obj
6. Melgaço – Loc

That seems right. I should make sure there's no other possible classifications. For example, "viaturas" is definitely an object. "Ambulância" is also an object. The fire departments are organizations. The operacionais are people. Melgaço is a location. So the classifications should be as above.
</think>

[["operacionais dos Bombeiros de Monção e de Valença", "Per"], ["Bombeiros de Monção", "Org"], ["Bombeiros de Valença", "Org"], ["cinco viaturas", "Obj"], ["a ambulância de Suporte Imediato de Vida (SIV) de Melgaço", "Obj"], ["Melgaço", "Loc"]]