<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their own confidence scores. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "A Indonésia ilegalizou hoje um grupo muçulmano responsável por atos de vandalismo contra embaixadas ocidentais e locais de culto não islâmicos."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the entities involved in the action. The subject is "A Indonésia" (Indonesia), which is a country, so that's a participant. Then there's "um grupo muçulmano" (a Muslim group), which is another participant. The actions are against "embaixadas ocidentais" (Western embassies) and "locais de culto não islâmicos" (non-Islamic places of worship). These are also participants as they are impacted by the vandalism.

Wait, the definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. So the embassies and non-Islamic places of worship are victims here. The Muslim group is the one responsible for the acts, so they are the actors. Indonesia is the one that illegalized the group, so they are the authority taking action.

I need to make sure I don't miss any entities. Let's list them:

1. A Indonésia (Indonesia) – high confidence, as it's the subject.
2. um grupo muçulmano (a Muslim group) – directly mentioned as the one responsible.
3. embaixadas ocidentais (Western embassies) – targeted, so participants.
4. locais de culto não islâmicos (non-Islamic places of worship) – also targeted.

Are there any other entities? The sentence doesn't mention any other groups or individuals. The verb "ilegalizou" (illegalized) is done by Indonesia, so that's clear. The group is the one being illegalized. The embassies and places of worship are the victims. 

Confidence scores: Indonesia and the Muslim group are explicitly mentioned, so high confidence (maybe 0.95 each). The embassies and places of worship are also explicitly mentioned as targets, so high confidence as well. Maybe 0.9 for each. 

Wait, the example output included "o motor" and "a aeronave" multiple times with varying confidence. Here, even if the same entity is mentioned again, like "Lisboa" in the example, they list each occurrence. In this case, the entities are mentioned once each. So I should list each entity once, even if they are mentioned once. 

So the final list would be:

["A Indonésia", 0.95], ["um grupo muçulmano", 0.95], ["embaixadas ocidentais", 0.9], ["locais de culto não islâmicos", 0.9]

I think that's all. Let me check again. No other entities are present. The verb is "ilegalizou", which is an action by Indonesia. The Muslim group is the one being illegalized. The embassies and places of worship are the targets. All are participants as per the definition.
</think>

[["A Indonésia", 0.95], ["um grupo muçulmano", 0.95], ["embaixadas ocidentais", 0.9], ["locais de culto não islâmicos", 0.9]]