<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes. Let me start by understanding the sentence and the participants.

The sentence says: "A Indonésia ilegalizou hoje um grupo muçulmano responsável por atos de vandalismo contra embaixadas ocidentais e locais de culto não islâmicos."

Participants to classify are:
1. "A Indonésia"
2. "um grupo muçulmano"
3. "embaixadas ocidentais"
4. "locais de culto não islâmicos"

First, I'll go through each participant one by one.

Starting with "A Indonésia". The class options include Pl_country, which is for countries. Indonesia is a country, so that's straightforward. The class should be Pl_country. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "um grupo muçulmano". This translates to "a Muslim group". Groups can be organizations, but the class Org is for entities with an organizational structure. However, "grupo muçulmano" might refer to a specific group, but without more context, it's a bit ambiguous. However, since it's a group that was illegalized, it might be considered an organization. Alternatively, if it's a generic group, maybe it's not an Org. But given that it's a specific group that was targeted, I think Org is appropriate. Confidence around 0.8.

Third, "embaixadas ocidentais" means "Western embassies". Embassies are facilities (Fac), as they are buildings where diplomatic missions are located. So class Fac. Confidence 0.95.

Fourth, "locais de culto não islâmicos" translates to "non-Islamic places of worship". These are places like churches, temples, etc. The class for places is Pl_region, but wait, the options include Pl_region as non-political regions, but places of worship are specific buildings. Wait, looking back at the classes:

Fac is facilities. So places of worship would be facilities. But wait, the example for Fac includes "aeroporto" (airport), which is a facility. So "locais de culto" are places of worship, which are buildings, hence facilities. So class Fac. Confidence 0.9.

Wait, but the user's example had "aeroporto" as Fac. So yes, "locais de culto" would be Fac. But maybe I should check if there's a better fit. Alternatively, if they are considered as Path or something else. But no, they are specific buildings, so Fac makes sense.

Wait, but the class Pl_region is for non-political regions, like deserto (desert), ilha (island). So that's not applicable here. So "locais de culto" are facilities. So Fac.

So the classifications would be:

"A Indonésia" → Pl_country (0.95)
"um grupo muçulmano" → Org (0.8)
"embaixadas ocidentais" → Fac (0.95)
"locais de culto não islâmicos" → Fac (0.9)

I need to make sure there's no other possible class. For example, "locais de culto" could be considered as Pl_region if they are regions, but they are specific buildings, so Fac is better. Similarly, "embaixadas" are facilities. The group is an organization. The country is Pl_country. That seems correct.
</think>

<Output>[["A Indonésia", "Pl_country", 0.95], ["um grupo muçulmano", "Org", 0.8], ["embaixadas ocidentais", "Fac", 0.95], ["locais de culto não islâmicos", "Fac", 0.9]]</Output>