<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them as a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and even mentions of locations or objects if they're relevant.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "O governo de Jacarta proibiu igualmente o uso dos símbolos da FPI." Translating that, it's "The government of Jakarta also prohibited the use of FPI symbols."

Now, identifying participants. The main entities here are "governo de Jacarta" (Jakarta government) and "FPI" (which I know is the Forum for the Indonesian Unity, a banned organization in Indonesia). The word "símbolos" (symbols) might be part of the action but not a participant. The verb "proibiu" (prohibited) indicates the action taken by the government against the FPI's symbols.

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were repeated. So I should check for all mentions, even if they're the same entity mentioned multiple times. But in this case, "governo de Jacarta" and "FPI" are the main participants. 

Wait, the example also included "os aeroportos" and "Farnborough" as participants. So locations and organizations are included. Here, "Jacarta" is a location, but the participant is the government of Jacarta. "FPI" is an organization. 

I should make sure not to include verbs or actions, just the entities. The sentence structure is "governo... proibiu... uso dos símbolos da FPI." So the participants are the government (acting) and FPI (being affected). 

Are there any other entities? The word "igualmente" (also) is an adverb, not an entity. "O uso" is an action, not a participant. So the main participants are "governo de Jacarta" and "FPI". 

But in the example, they included "a aeronave" and "o motor" as participants. So even objects involved in the event are considered. However, in this case, the symbols are part of the action, but the FPI is the organization whose symbols are being prohibited. 

Wait, the FPI is the organization, so "FPI" is the participant. The government is the actor. So the two main participants here are "governo de Jacarta" and "FPI". 

I need to check if "Jacarta" is a participant. The example included "Lisboa" as a participant, so locations can be included if they are part of the entity. However, in the example, "Lisboa" was mentioned multiple times as part of different phrases like "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado, em Lisboa" and "os aeroportos de Farnborough... e Lisboa". So the location is included as a participant. 

In this case, "governo de Jacarta" is the entity, so "Jacarta" is part of that entity. But maybe "Jacarta" alone isn't a participant unless it's a separate entity. However, the example included "Lisboa" as a participant even when it was part of a larger phrase. 

Wait, in the example output, "Lisboa" was listed multiple times. So even if it's part of a larger phrase, like "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado, em Lisboa", they included "Lisboa" as a participant. So in this case, "Jacarta" would be a participant as well. But the original sentence is "governo de Jacarta", so the participant is the government of Jakarta, not Jakarta itself. However, the example included "Lisboa" as a participant even when it was part of a location. 

Hmm, this is a bit ambiguous. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The government of Jakarta is the actor, and FPI is the one being affected. So "governo de Jacarta" and "FPI" are the main participants. However, "Jacarta" might be considered a location, but the example included "Lisboa" as a participant. So maybe "Jacarta" should be included as a participant here as well. 

Wait, looking back at the example input, "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado, em Lisboa" and "os aeroportos de Farnborough, na Inglaterra, e Lisboa" led to "Lisboa" being listed multiple times. So even though "Lisboa" is a city, it's included as a participant. Similarly, "Jacarta" is a city, so it might be included. But the original sentence is about the government of Jacarta, not the city itself. However, the example included "Lisboa" even when it was part of a larger phrase. 

Alternatively, maybe "governo de Jacarta" is the participant, and "Jacarta" is not a separate participant. But the example included "Lisboa" as a participant even when it was part of a phrase. So perhaps in this case, "Jacarta" should be included as a participant. 

But the user's example output included "Lisboa" multiple times, even though it's the same city. So in this case, "governo de Jacarta" is the entity, and "Jacarta" is the location. However, the example included "Lisboa" as a participant, so maybe "Jacarta" should be included as well. 

Alternatively, maybe the user wants only the named entities, like organizations, governments, etc., and not the locations unless they are part of the entity. For example, "governo de Jacarta" is the entity, and "Jacarta" is part of that entity's name. So maybe "governo de Jacarta" is the participant, and "Jacarta" is not a separate participant. 

But the example included "Lisboa" as a participant even when it was part of a larger phrase. So perhaps the user wants all named locations, even if they are part of a larger phrase. 

This is a bit confusing. Let me check the example again. The input had "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado, em Lisboa" and "os aeroportos de Farnborough, na Inglaterra, e Lisboa". The output included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", "Lisboa", "os aeroportos", "Farnborough", "Inglaterra", "Lisboa", etc. So even the city names were included as participants. 

So in this case, "Jacarta" would be a participant as a location. However, the original sentence is about the government of Jacarta, not the city itself. But the example included "Lisboa" as a participant even when it was part of a larger phrase. Therefore, "Jacarta" should be included as a participant here. 

But wait, the user's example output included "aeroporto" as a participant. So even the general term "aeroporto" was included. So in this case, "governo" might not be a participant, but "governo de Jacarta" is. 

So the participants here are:

1. "governo de Jacarta" (the actor)
2. "FPI" (the organization whose symbols are being prohibited)
3. "Jacarta" (the location, as per the example)

But the example included "Lisboa" even when it was part of a larger phrase. However, in the input, "governo de Jacarta" is a specific entity, so maybe "governo de Jacarta" is the participant, and "Jacarta" is not. 

Alternatively, maybe "Jacarta" is a participant as a location. But the example included "Lisboa" as a participant even when it was part of a larger phrase. So perhaps "Jacarta" should be included. 

But the user's example output included "Lisboa" multiple times. So in this case, "Jacarta" would be included once. 

So the final list would be:

- "governo de Jacarta" with high confidence
- "FPI" with high confidence
- "Jacarta" with lower confidence (maybe 0.7) since it's a location, but the example included locations.

But the example also included "os aeroportos" as a participant. So maybe "governo de Jacarta" is the main participant, and "FPI" is the other. 

But the user's example included "a aeronave" and "o motor" as participants. So even objects involved in the event are considered. In this case, the symbols are part of the action, but the FPI is the organization. 

Therefore, the main participants are "governo de Jacarta" and "FPI". 

So the JSON output would be:

[["governo de Jacarta", 0.95], ["FPI", 0.9]]

But wait, the example included "Lisboa" as a participant. In this case, "Jacarta" is a city, so maybe it should be included as well. 

But the original sentence doesn't mention "Jacarta" as a separate entity; it's part of "governo de Jacarta". However, the example included "Lisboa" even when it was part of a larger phrase. So perhaps "Jacarta" should be included. 

But the user's example output included "Lisboa" multiple times, even when it was part of different phrases. So in this case, "Jacarta" would be included once. 

So the final answer would be:

[["governo de Jacarta", 0.95], ["FPI", 0.9], ["Jacarta", 0.7]]

But I need to check if "Jacarta" is a participant. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The government of Jacarta is the actor, and FPI is the one affected. The city of Jacarta is not directly involved unless it's being impacted. But the sentence doesn't mention the city itself being impacted, only the government's action. 

So maybe "Jacarta" isn't a participant here. The example included "Lisboa" as a participant even when it was part of a location, but in this case, the city isn't directly involved. Therefore, only "governo de Jacarta" and "FPI" are participants. 

Therefore, the correct output is:

[["governo de Jacarta", 0.95], ["FPI", 0.9]]
</think>

[["governo de Jacarta", 0.95], ["FPI", 0.9]]