<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is about a radical group wanting to implement Islamic law in Indonesia, which has 230 million Muslims. They've been expanding their influence through humanitarian and charity missions.

The participants to classify are "O grupo radical", "Indonésia", and "a população". 

Starting with "O grupo radical". This refers to a group of people, likely a human organization or movement. Since they are actively trying to implement a law, they are an organization or group. The class should be Org because they have an organizational structure, even if it's a radical one.

Next, "Indonésia" is the country mentioned. Indonesia is a sovereign state, so the class here is Pl_country. That's straightforward.

Lastly, "a população" translates to "the population". The population is a group of people, but in this context, they are the target of the group's influence. However, the classification for "population" isn't directly covered by the Per class (which is for individuals or characters) because it's a collective noun. The Other class is for entities not fitting other categories, but looking at the examples, "population" might be considered as a group of people. Wait, the Per class is for human individuals or characters. Since "a população" is a collective, maybe it's not Per. The example given for Per is "O rapaz" (the boy), which is an individual. So "a população" is a group, not an individual, so it might not be Per. The Other class includes things like "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt), which is a non-entity. But "a população" is a group of people. Hmm, maybe it's considered as Per? Or perhaps it's not. Wait, the definition says Per is for human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. Since "a população" is a collective, not an individual, maybe it's not Per. Then, looking at the classes, there's no specific class for population. The closest might be Other, but I need to check the examples again. In the example given, "O cao" (the dog) is Nat. So "a população" is a group of people, but not an individual. The Other class is for entities that don't fit into other categories. However, in the example, "a população" might be considered as a group, but the classification options don't have a specific class for that. Wait, looking back at the classes, there's "Per" for individuals, "Org" for organizations, "Nat" for natural entities, etc. Since "a população" is a group of people, but not an organization, maybe it's classified as Per? But Per is for individuals. Alternatively, maybe it's considered as Other. However, in the example provided in the task, "a população" might not be covered. Let me check the example again. The example given for Per is "O rapaz" (individual), Org is "A EDP" (company), Obj is "a cadeira" (object), Nat is "O cao" (animal), etc. So "a população" is a group of people, but not an individual. The class for that might be Other, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's considered as Per because it's a collective of humans. However, the definition says Per is for individuals or characters. So if "a população" is a collective noun, it might not be Per. Therefore, the safest choice here is Other. But I need to check if there's any other class that fits. The Other class includes things like "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell), which is not an entity. But "a população" is a real entity. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe it's considered as Per because it's a group of humans. But the example given for Per is an individual. This is a bit ambiguous. However, since the task requires classification, and there's no specific class for population, I'll go with Other for "a população" with a confidence of 0.7. Alternatively, maybe it's considered as Per. Wait, the definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. So "a população" is a group, which is a participant. But the classes don't have a "group" category. The closest is Org for organizations, but "a população" isn't an organization. Therefore, it might be classified as Other. I think that's the safest bet here.
</think>

<Output>
[["O grupo radical", "Org", 0.95], ["Indonésia", "Pl_country", 0.98], ["a população", "Other", 0.75]]
</Output>