<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The text is about a radical group wanting to implement Islamic law (sharia) in Indonesia, which has 230 million Muslims. The group has been expanding its influence through humanitarian and charity missions in recent years.

Now, identifying participants. Let's break down the sentence:

1. "O grupo radical" – This is the main subject. The radical group is definitely a participant. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

2. "que quer ver implementada a lei islâmica (sharia) na Indonésia" – The group's goal is to implement sharia in Indonesia. Indonesia is a country, so that's a participant. Confidence around 0.9.

3. "país com 230 milhões de muçulmanos" – Indonesia is mentioned again here. But since it's the same country, maybe we don't need to list it twice. Wait, but the example in the task included repeated mentions as separate entries. For example, "Lisboa" appears multiple times. So maybe each mention is a separate entry. So "Indonésia" here is another mention. Confidence 0.9.

4. "tem vindo a alargar a influência junto da população" – The population of Indonesia is being influenced. But "população" is a collective term. Should that be considered a participant? The definition says participants are those impacted. So maybe "a população" is a participant. Confidence maybe 0.8.

5. "nos últimos anos, através de missões humanitárias e de caridade." – The missions are methods used by the group. The missions themselves might be considered as actions, but the participants would be the entities conducting them. However, the text doesn't explicitly name the organizations conducting the missions. It just says the group is doing them. So maybe "missões humanitárias e de caridade" are not participants but actions. Unless there's an implied organization, but the text doesn't mention any. So maybe not.

Wait, the example output included "a aeronave" and "o motor" as participants. So even if they are parts of the plane, they are considered participants. Similarly, here, "missões humanitárias e de caridade" might be considered as entities, but they are actions. Hmm, maybe not. Alternatively, if there's an organization behind the missions, but the text doesn't specify. So perhaps not.

So the main participants are:

- O grupo radical
- Indonésia
- a população
- 230 milhões de muçulmanos (but wait, that's a description of the country's population, not a separate entity. Maybe not. The example included "os aeroportos" as a participant. So maybe "os aeroportos" is a participant. Here, "230 milhões de muçulmanos" is a statistic about Indonesia, not a separate entity. So perhaps not a participant.

Wait, the example had "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant. So the name of the airport is a participant. Similarly, here, "Indonésia" is a country, so that's a participant. "a população" is a collective noun, so that's a participant. The group is the main actor.

So compiling the list:

- "O grupo radical" (confidence 0.95)
- "Indonésia" (confidence 0.9)
- "a população" (confidence 0.8)
- "missões humanitárias e de caridade" – but these are actions, not entities. So maybe not.
- "230 milhões de muçulmanos" – this is a statistic, not an entity. So not a participant.

Wait, the example included "os aeroportos" as a participant. So "os aeroportos" is a participant. In this case, "a população" is a participant. Also, "Indonésia" is a participant. The group is the main participant. Are there any other entities? The text mentions "a lei islâmica (sharia)" – but that's a concept, not an entity. So not a participant.

So the final list would be:

["O grupo radical", 0.95], ["Indonésia", 0.9], ["a população", 0.8]

But wait, the example had repeated mentions. For instance, "Lisboa" appears multiple times. In the input text, "Indonésia" is mentioned once, but maybe in the output, each mention is considered. Wait, the input text says "na Indonésia" and "país com 230 milhões de muçulmanos" – but "Indonésia" is mentioned once. So in the output, it's once. However, in the example, "Lisboa" is mentioned multiple times as separate entries. So even if the same entity is mentioned in different phrases, each occurrence is a separate entry. So in this case, "Indonésia" is mentioned once, so one entry. But "a população" is mentioned once. However, the example also included "os aeroportos" as a participant. So in the input, "os aeroportos" is a participant. In this case, the input doesn't have "os aeroportos", but "a população" is a participant.

Wait, the input says "junto da população", so "a população" is the participant. So that's one entry. Also, "Indonésia" is the country. The group is the main participant. So the output should be:

["O grupo radical", 0.95], ["Indonésia", 0.9], ["a população", 0.8]

But I need to check if there are any other entities. The text also mentions "a lei islâmica (sharia)" – but that's a law, not an entity. "sharia" is a concept. So not a participant. The number "230 milhões de muçulmanos" is a statistic, not an entity. So not a participant.

So the final answer would be those three entries with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["O grupo radical", 0.95], ["Indonésia", 0.9], ["a população", 0.8]]