<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "A FPI organizou grandes protestos em 2016 e 2017 contra o governador cristão de Jacarta." 

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "FPI" (which is an organization, likely the Free Papua Movement), "governador cristão de Jacarta" (the Christian governor of Jakarta). The years 2016 and 2017 are time references, not participants. "Jacarta" is a location, so it's part of the governor's title. 

I need to check if "FPI" is correctly identified as an organization. Since it's mentioned as organizing protests, it's definitely a participant. The governor is another participant as they are the target of the protests. 

Wait, the example includes "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants. So even locations can be participants if they're involved. But in this case, "Jacarta" is part of the governor's title, so maybe it's included as part of the governor's entity. However, the example includes "Lisboa" as a separate entity. Hmm, maybe locations are considered participants if they are directly involved. But in this case, the governor is the main participant, and Jacarta is the location of the governor's position. 

Wait, the example includes "os aeroportos" as a participant. So maybe any noun that's a participant, even if it's a location. But in the given input, "Jacarta" is a city, so maybe it's a participant. However, the governor is the person in charge, so the main participant is the governor. But the example includes "Lisboa" as a participant. Let me check the example again. 

In the example, "Lisboa" is mentioned multiple times as a participant. So even if it's a location, it's included. So in this case, "Jacarta" would be a participant. But the governor is a person, so "governador cristão de Jacarta" is the participant. However, the example includes "o motor" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe any noun that's an entity involved is considered. 

So in the input sentence, the participants are: FPI (organization), governador cristão de Jacarta (individual), Jacarta (location). But the example includes "Lisboa" as a participant even though it's a location. So maybe Jacarta should be included as well. 

Wait, the example also includes "aeroportos" as a participant. So locations are included. Therefore, in this case, "Jacarta" is a participant. However, the governor is a person, so "governador cristão de Jacarta" is the participant. But in the example, "o motor" is included as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So even parts of objects can be participants. 

So, the entities here would be: "FPI", "governador cristão de Jacarta", "Jacarta". But wait, the example includes "Lisboa" multiple times, even when it's part of a larger phrase like "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado, em Lisboa". So maybe each mention of a location is considered a separate participant. 

In the input, "Jacarta" is mentioned once. So "Jacarta" would be a participant. The governor is a person, so that's a participant. FPI is an organization. 

But the example includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. So any noun that's a participant, even if it's a role like "fonte" (source). 

In the input, "FPI" is the organization organizing the protests. The governor is the person being protested against. So the participants are FPI, governador cristão de Jacarta, and Jacarta. 

Wait, but "Jacarta" is the city where the governor is located. Is that considered a participant? The example includes "Lisboa" as a participant. So yes. 

So the output would be:

["FPI", 0.95], ["governador cristão de Jacarta", 0.9], ["Jacarta", 0.8]

But I need to check if "governador cristão de Jacarta" is the correct entity. The original text says "contra o governador cristão de Jacarta", so the governor is the target. So that's a participant. 

Also, the years 2016 and 2017 are not participants. 

So the final list would be those three entities with confidence scores. However, the example includes multiple instances of the same entity. For example, "Avião" and "O avião" are both listed. So in this case, if "FPI" is mentioned once, it's listed once. "governador cristão de Jacarta" is mentioned once, and "Jacarta" once. 

But wait, the example includes "Lisboa" multiple times. So maybe even if the same entity is mentioned in different contexts, each mention is a separate entry. However, in the input, "Jacarta" is mentioned once. So it's only once. 

Therefore, the output should be:

[["FPI", 0.95], ["governador cristão de Jacarta", 0.9], ["Jacarta", 0.8]]
</think>

[["FPI", 0.95], ["governador cristão de Jacarta", 0.9], ["Jacarta", 0.8]]