<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is a quote from a source saying that the accident was apparently a "despiste" (which I think means a mishap or accident), and that the causes are being investigated by the Núcleo de Investigação de Crimes em Acidentes de Viação da GNR. The participants to classify are "a fonte", "Núcleo de Investigação de Crimes em Acidentes de Viação da GNR", and "GNR".

Starting with "a fonte". The term "fonte" translates to "source" in English. In the context of the sentence, it's referring to the person or entity that provided the information. Since it's a human individual or a character, even if not explicitly named, it's considered a "Per" (person) entity. The confidence here is high because the term "fonte" typically refers to a person, so I'd say 0.95.

Next, "Núcleo de Investigação de Crimes em Acidentes de Viação da GNR". This is a long name, but breaking it down: "Núcleo" means nucleus or unit, "Investigação de Crimes" is crime investigation, "em Acidentes de Viação" refers to traffic accidents, and "da GNR" is the Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR), which is a Portuguese national police force. So this is an organizational unit within the GNR responsible for investigating traffic accident crimes. Therefore, this should be classified as "Org" (organization). The confidence here is also high because it's a specific department within a known organization, so 0.95.

Lastly, "GNR". GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is a national police force in Portugal. Since it's a government organization with an established structure, it falls under "Org". The confidence is high again, 0.95, because GNR is a well-known entity in Portugal's administrative structure.

I need to make sure there's no overlap or misclassification. "a fonte" is definitely a person, even if not named. The other two are organizations. No other classes seem to fit here. All entities are properly categorized based on the definitions provided.
</think>

<Output>[["a fonte", "Per", 0.95], ["Núcleo de Investigação de Crimes em Acidentes de Viação da GNR", "Org", 0.95], ["GNR", "Org", 0.95]]</Output>