<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that entities can be repeated with different confidence levels, but I need to make sure each instance is considered.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Estiveram no local do acidente cinco viaturas e dez elementos dos Bombeiros Voluntários de Celorico da Beira, da VMER da Guarda e da GNR, segundo fonte do CDOS."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the entities involved in the accident. The text mentions "cinco viaturas" (five vehicles) and "dez elementos" (ten members) from different organizations. The organizations listed are "Bombeiros Voluntários de Celorico da Beira," "VMER da Guarda," and "GNR." Also, there's a mention of "fonte do CDOS" (source from CDOS), which might be a participant as well.

Now, I need to identify each entity. The first part is "cinco viaturas" – that's a plural noun, so the entity is "viaturas" (vehicles). Then "dez elementos" refers to people, so "elementos" (members). The organizations are "Bombeiros Voluntários de Celorico da Beira," "VMER da Guarda," and "GNR." The "fonte do CDOS" is a source, so "CDOS" is an entity here.

I should check if any of these are repeated. The example output had "o motor" appearing multiple times, but in this case, each entity seems to be mentioned once. However, "Lisboa" was mentioned multiple times in the example, so maybe even if the same entity is mentioned again, it's included each time. But in this input, each entity is mentioned once. Wait, the input mentions "dos Bombeiros Voluntários de Celorico da Beira, da VMER da Guarda e da GNR" – so each of those is a separate entity. Then "fonte do CDOS" is another entity.

Confidence scores: I need to assign a number between 0 and 1. For the organizations, since they are explicitly named, I can be confident (maybe 0.9 or 1.0). The "viaturas" and "elementos" are also explicitly mentioned, so high confidence. The "fonte do CDOS" is a bit less certain because it's a source, but the CDOS is an organization, so maybe 0.8 or 0.9.

Wait, the example output had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. In this case, "segundo fonte do CDOS" – the entity here is "fonte do CDOS," but maybe "CDOS" is the main entity. However, the example included "fonte" as an entity. But in the input, it's "segundo fonte do CDOS," so the entity is "fonte do CDOS" or just "CDOS"? The example had "fonte" as an entity, but here it's more specific. Maybe "fonte do CDOS" is the entity, but perhaps "CDOS" is the organization. However, the user might expect "CDOS" as the entity here. Hmm.

Alternatively, "fonte" is a role, but in the example, "fonte" was included as an entity. However, in the example, "fonte" was mentioned as "fonte" and "a mesma fonte," so maybe in this case, "fonte do CDOS" is the entity. But the user might prefer to extract the organization, which is CDOS. But the example included "fonte" as an entity. So perhaps "fonte do CDOS" is the entity here. However, the example had "fonte" as an entity without the "do CDOS" part. This is a bit ambiguous. But the instruction says to extract participants, which are entities involved. The source is a participant here, so "fonte do CDOS" is the entity. However, maybe "CDOS" is the main entity, and "fonte" is a role. But the example included "fonte" as an entity. So I think in this case, "fonte do CDOS" is the entity, but maybe "CDOS" is the main participant. Alternatively, the user might expect both "fonte" and "CDOS" as separate entities. However, the example didn't split them, so perhaps "fonte do CDOS" is the entity here. But I'm not entirely sure. Maybe the safest way is to include "fonte do CDOS" as the entity with a confidence of 0.8, since it's a source from CDOS.

So compiling the list:

- cinco viaturas → "viaturas" (confidence 0.9)
- dez elementos → "elementos" (confidence 0.9)
- Bombeiros Voluntários de Celorico da Beira → (confidence 0.95)
- VMER da Guarda → (confidence 0.9)
- GNR → (confidence 0.9)
- fonte do CDOS → (confidence 0.8)

Wait, but the example included "os aeroportos" as an entity. In this case, the input doesn't mention "os aeroportos," but the organizations are the ones involved. So the entities are the organizations and the people/vehicles. Also, "Bombeiros Voluntários de Celorico da Beira" is a full name, so that's one entity. "VMER da Guarda" is another, and "GNR" is the third. Then "fonte do CDOS" is the source. The "cinco viaturas" and "dez elementos" are the participants as well. So the list would be:

["cinco viaturas", 0.9], ["dez elementos", 0.9], ["Bombeiros Voluntários de Celorico da Beira", 0.95], ["VMER da Guarda", 0.9], ["GNR", 0.9], ["fonte do CDOS", 0.8]

But wait, the example output had entries like "o motor" and "um motor," which are different forms. In this case, "cinco viaturas" and "dez elementos" are specific numbers, but the entities are "viaturas" and "elementos." However, the example included "cinco viaturas" as an entity. Wait, looking back at the example input:

In the example input, the output had entries like "Um avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So even if the same entity is mentioned in different forms, they are all included. So in this case, "cinco viaturas" is a specific mention, so the entity is "cinco viaturas" (but maybe the user expects just "viaturas" as the entity). However, the example included "cinco viaturas" as an entity. Wait, in the example output, the first entry was "Avião", then "o motor", "Um avião", etc. So the exact phrases are included. Therefore, in this case, "cinco viaturas" and "dez elementos" are the exact phrases, so they should be included as entities. Similarly, "Bombeiros Voluntários de Celorico da Beira" is the full name, so that's one entity. "VMER da Guarda" and "GNR" are other entities. Then "fonte do CDOS" is another.

So the final list would be:

["cinco viaturas", 0.9], ["dez elementos", 0.9], ["Bombeiros Voluntários de Celorico da Beira", 0.95], ["VMER da Guarda", 0.9], ["GNR", 0.9], ["fonte do CDOS", 0.8]

I think that's all. Let me check again. The input mentions "dos Bombeiros Voluntários de Celorico da Beira, da VMER da Guarda e da GNR," so each of those is a separate entity. The "fonte do CDOS" is mentioned as the source. The "cinco viaturas" and "dez elementos" are the participants. So that's all. The confidence scores are high for the organizations and the people/vehicles, lower for the source since it's a bit less direct.
</think>

[["cinco viaturas", 0.9], ["dez elementos", 0.9], ["Bombeiros Voluntários de Celorico da Beira", 0.95], ["VMER da Guarda", 0.9], ["GNR", 0.9], ["fonte do CDOS", 0.8]]