<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Um homem morreu e outro ficou ferido no domingo à noite em Algueirão-Mem Martins, em Sintra, no distrito de Lisboa, na sequência de uma “desordem com arma de fogo”, informou hoje à agência Lusa a PSP."

Breaking it down, the main event is a shooting incident where one man died and another was injured. The locations mentioned are Algueirão-Mem Martins, Sintra, district of Lisbon. The entities involved are the victims (the two men), the location details, the police (PSP), and the Lusa agency.

Now, I need to list all participants. The two men are definitely participants as victims. The locations are places where the event happened, so they should be included. The PSP (Polícia de Segurança Pública) is mentioned as the one informing Lusa, so they are involved. The agência Lusa is also a participant as the recipient of the information. 

Wait, the example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" which were the police. In this case, "a PSP" is the source, so that's a participant. Also, "agência Lusa" is another entity. 

I need to check if all instances are captured. The locations: Algueirão-Mem Martins, Sintra, distrito de Lisboa. The event is "desordem com arma de fogo" which is the incident itself, but the participants are the people involved. The two men are mentioned as "um homem" and "outro", so maybe "um homem" and "outro" are the participants. But in the example, they used "Avião" and "o motor" even though they were mentioned multiple times. So even if the same entity is mentioned multiple times, each instance is listed separately with confidence.

So in this case, "um homem" and "outro" would be participants. Also, the locations as entities. The PSP and Lusa as organizations. 

Wait, the example output had "aeroporto" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as separate entries. So even if it's the same place mentioned differently, each is a separate entry. Similarly here, "Algueirão-Mem Martins", "Sintra", "distrito de Lisboa" are all separate entries. 

So compiling the list:

- "um homem" (victim)
- "outro" (another victim)
- "Algueirão-Mem Martins" (location)
- "Sintra" (location)
- "distrito de Lisboa" (location)
- "agência Lusa" (organization)
- "a PSP" (organization)
- "desordem com arma de fogo" (event, but is this a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The event itself isn't an entity, so maybe not. The example didn't include the event, just the entities. So probably not including that.)

Wait, the example included "a aeronave" and "o avião" as participants. So the actual entities involved. In this case, the victims are the participants. The locations are also participants as they are impacted by the event. The organizations (PSP, Lusa) are participants as they are involved in reporting. 

So the list would be:

["um homem", "outro", "Algueirão-Mem Martins", "Sintra", "distrito de Lisboa", "agência Lusa", "a PSP"]

Now, confidence scores. For "um homem" and "outro", confidence is high, maybe 0.95. Locations are certain, 0.9. The organizations are mentioned explicitly, so 0.95 for "agência Lusa" and "a PSP". 

Wait, in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were included with confidence. Here, "a PSP" is the source, so that's a participant. Also, "agência Lusa" is the recipient. 

So the final list with confidence scores would be each of these entities with their respective confidence levels. I need to make sure all instances are captured, even if they are the same entity mentioned in different ways. For example, "distrito de Lisboa" is a specific location, so it's a separate entry. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The input mentions the two men, the locations, the organizations. No other entities. So the JSON array should have each of these with confidence scores.
</think>

[["um homem", 0.95], ["outro", 0.95], ["Algueirão-Mem Martins", 0.9], ["Sintra", 0.9], ["distrito de Lisboa", 0.9], ["agência Lusa", 0.95], ["a PSP", 0.95]]