<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the example provided, the input was about an emergency landing. The output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", etc., each with a confidence score. The key here is to identify all such entities in the new input.

The new input is: "“Não houve maneira de reverter a situação dos ferimentos”, referiu fonte do Cometlis."

Breaking this down, the main components are:
- "fonte do Cometlis" – this is a source from Cometlis. Cometlis is likely an organization or company. The word "fonte" (source) might refer to a person or group within Cometlis, but since it's mentioned as "fonte do Cometlis", it's probably a representative or department of Cometlis. However, the exact entity here is Cometlis itself, as the source is associated with it.
- "ferimentos" (injuries) – this is a state or condition, not an entity, so probably not a participant.
- The quotes are from a source, so "fonte" might be a participant, but the example in the previous output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. However, in this case, the source is specifically from Cometlis, so Cometlis is the organization involved.

Wait, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entities. But in this input, it's "fonte do Cometlis", which might be a specific source from Cometlis. However, the task is to extract participants, which are entities involved. So Cometlis is an organization, hence a participant. The "fonte" might be a role, but if it's not a named entity, maybe it's not included. However, in the previous example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were included. But in this case, the source is from Cometlis, so maybe Cometlis is the main entity here.

Alternatively, "fonte do Cometlis" could be considered as the participant, but since "fonte" is a role and Cometlis is the organization, perhaps Cometlis is the participant. The example included "fonte" as an entity, but in this case, the source is specifically from Cometlis. So maybe both "fonte" and "Cometlis" are participants. However, the example output had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. But in this input, the source is from Cometlis, so maybe Cometlis is the main entity here.

Hmm, I need to be careful. The instruction says to extract all participants, which can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc. In the input, the only explicit entity is Cometlis, which is an organization. The "fonte" is a source, but unless it's a named entity (like a person's name), it might not be considered. However, in the previous example, "fonte" was included. So perhaps "fonte" is considered a participant here as well. But in this case, the source is from Cometlis, so maybe both "fonte" and "Cometlis" are participants. However, the example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. But in this input, it's "fonte do Cometlis", which might be a specific source from Cometlis. However, the exact entity here is Cometlis, as the source is associated with it. So maybe Cometlis is the main participant here, and "fonte" is a role, not an entity. Alternatively, if "fonte" is considered an entity, then both "fonte" and "Cometlis" would be included. But I need to check the example again.

In the previous example, the output included "fonte", "a mesma fonte", etc. So even though "fonte" is a role, it's included as an entity. So in this case, "fonte" would be an entity, and "Cometlis" as the organization. However, the input says "fonte do Cometlis", which might be a specific source from Cometlis. But unless the source has a name, it's just "fonte" as an entity. So the participants would be "fonte" and "Cometlis". But the confidence for "fonte" might be lower than for "Cometlis" since Cometlis is a named organization.

Alternatively, maybe "fonte do Cometlis" is considered a single entity, but since "fonte" is a role and Cometlis is the organization, it's better to split them. However, the example included "fonte" as a separate entity. So I think the correct approach here is to include "fonte" and "Cometlis" as participants. The confidence for "fonte" might be around 0.7, and for Cometlis around 0.9. Let me check the example again. In the previous output, "fonte" was included with a confidence of 0.85? Wait, the example output didn't show confidence, but the user's example output had entries like ["Avião", 0.85], etc. So in this case, "fonte" would be 0.7 and "Cometlis" 0.9. But I need to make sure that "fonte" is considered a participant here. Alternatively, maybe "fonte" is not an entity but a role, so it's not included. But the example included "fonte" as an entity, so I should follow that.

Therefore, the final answer would be:
[["fonte", 0.7], ["Cometlis", 0.9]]
</think>

[["fonte", 0.7], ["Cometlis", 0.9]]