<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, or even objects involved in the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Desconhecendo mais pormenores, a PSP adiantou que o alerta foi dado às 23:30 e que, no local, foram apenas levadas a cabo diligências no sentido de socorrer as vítimas."

Breaking this down, the main entities here are "a PSP" (which is the Polícia de Segurança Pública, a known organization), "o alerta" (the alert, which is an event or action), "as vítimas" (the victims, people involved), and "as diligências" (the procedures taken, which might be considered actions but not participants as per the definition). 

Wait, the definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. So "as vítimas" are definitely participants as they are impacted. "a PSP" is the organization that provided the information, so they are involved. "o alerta" is an event, not an entity, so maybe not. "as diligências" are actions taken, but not entities. 

Looking at the example output from the user's previous input, they included things like "aeroporto", "Lisboa", "companhia aérea", etc. So even locations and organizations are considered participants. 

In the current input, "a PSP" is an organization, so that's a participant. "as vítimas" are individuals, so they count. "o local" might refer to a place, but it's not specified, so maybe not. "as diligências" are actions, not entities. 

Wait, the example included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) as participants. So in this case, "a PSP" is the source, so that's a participant. "as vítimas" are the ones being helped, so they are participants. 

I need to make sure I'm not missing any entities. Let me check again. The sentence mentions "a PSP" (organization), "o alerta" (event, maybe not), "no local" (location, but not named), "as vítimas" (people). 

So the participants here would be "a PSP" and "as vítimas". 

Confidence scores: "a PSP" is clearly mentioned, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. "as vítimas" are explicitly mentioned, so also high confidence, 0.9. 

Wait, the example output had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In this case, "a PSP" is the source, so that's similar. 

I think that's it. Let me structure the JSON list with those two entities and their confidence scores.
</think>

[["a PSP", 0.95], ["as vítimas", 0.9]]