<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and even things like "engine" or "airport" might be considered if they're relevant.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "The alert for the disappearance of the elderly woman, who lives with a family member, was given at 5pm on Monday, having been searched for by members of the GNR's Emergency Protection and Relief Unit (UEPS) during the night."

Breaking it down, the main event is the disappearance of an elderly woman. The participants here would be the elderly woman herself, the family member she lives with, the GNR's Emergency Protection and Relief Unit (UEPS), and possibly the members of that unit. 

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "Plane", "engine", "airport", etc., even if they were parts of the event. So I need to check if all relevant entities are captured here. 

The elderly woman is definitely a participant. The family member is mentioned as someone she lives with, so that's a participant too. The GNR's UEPS is an organization involved in the search, so that's a participant. The members of the UEPS are the actual people doing the search, but the example didn't include "members" in their output, so maybe the organization itself is enough. However, the example included "source" and "the same source" which are roles, so maybe "members" should be included as a role. Wait, in the example, "source" was included as an entity. So perhaps "members of the GNR's UEPS" is the entity here. But the example had "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So maybe the full name of the unit is the entity. Let me check the example again.

In the example, "GNR's Emergency Protection and Relief Unit (UEPS)" is mentioned. The output included "GNR's Emergency Protection and Relief Unit (UEPS)" as an entity. Wait, in the example input, the output had "a Public Security Police" and "the same source", so maybe the actual name of the organization is the key here. So in this case, "GNR's Emergency Protection and Relief Unit (UEPS)" is the entity. Also, "members of the GNR's..." might be a role, but the example included "source" as an entity. Hmm, maybe the actual group is the entity, not the members. Alternatively, if the members are acting as participants, but the example didn't include "members" but included the organization. 

Also, "the elderly woman" is a participant. The family member is another participant. The GNR's UEPS is the organization involved. The time and location might not be participants, but the example included "Lisbon" and "airport" as entities. Wait, in the example, "airport" was included as an entity. So maybe any named entity that's part of the event is considered a participant. However, the user's definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. So the elderly woman is impacted, the family member is related, the GNR's UEPS is actively involved. 

So the entities would be: "elderly woman", "family member", "GNR's Emergency Protection and Relief Unit (UEPS)", "members of the GNR's Emergency Protection and Relief Unit (UEPS)"? Or just the unit itself? The example included "source" as an entity, which was a role. So maybe "members" is part of the entity. Alternatively, the example had "the same source" as an entity. So perhaps in this case, "members of the GNR's..." is the entity. 

Wait, the input says "having been searched for by members of the GNR's...". So the members are the ones doing the searching. So they are participants. But the example didn't include "members" but included the organization. Hmm. Maybe the organization is the main entity here, and the members are part of that. But the example included "source" as an entity, which was a role. So maybe the actual named entities are the ones to be included. 

Alternatively, the example included "the same source" as an entity, which refers to the Public Security Police. So in that case, the entity is the organization. So in this case, the GNR's UEPS is the entity. The members are part of that entity. So perhaps the entity is "GNR's Emergency Protection and Relief Unit (UEPS)" and "members of the GNR's..." is a role, but not an entity. However, the example included "source" as an entity, which was a role. So maybe the role is considered as an entity. 

This is a bit confusing. Let me look at the example again. The input had "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." The output included "a Public Security Police" and "the same source". So "source" is considered an entity here. So in this case, "members of the GNR's..." could be considered as an entity. But maybe the example included "source" as an entity because it's a role, but in the input, it's a specific role. 

Alternatively, the example might have included "source" as a role, but the actual entity is the Public Security Police. So maybe in this case, the GNR's UEPS is the entity. 

So, to sum up, the participants here are:

1. The elderly woman (impacted)
2. The family member (related)
3. GNR's Emergency Protection and Relief Unit (UEPS) (involved in the search)
4. Members of the GNR's UEPS (the actual people doing the search, but maybe the organization is sufficient)

But the example included "source" as an entity, which was a role. So maybe "members of the GNR's..." is the entity here. However, the example didn't include "members" but included the organization. 

Alternatively, the example included "the same source" as an entity, which refers to the Public Security Police. So the entity is the organization. So in this case, the GNR's UEPS is the entity. 

So the entities would be:

- "elderly woman" (confidence high)
- "family member" (confidence medium, since it's a relative)
- "GNR's Emergency Protection and Relief Unit (UEPS)" (high confidence)
- "members of the GNR's Emergency Protection and Relief Unit (UEPS)" (maybe, but the example didn't include "members", so perhaps not)
- "the alert" (but the example didn't include "alert" as an entity)
- "Monday" (time, not a participant)
- "5pm" (time, not a participant)

So the final list would be:

["elderly woman", 0.9], ["family member", 0.7], ["GNR's Emergency Protection and Relief Unit (UEPS)", 0.9]

But wait, the example included "source" as an entity. In the input, "source" was a role, but in the output, it was included. So maybe "members of the GNR's..." is the entity here. However, the example had "a Public Security Police" as an entity, which is the organization. So in this case, the GNR's UEPS is the entity. 

Alternatively, the members are the participants. But the example didn't include "members" but included the organization. So perhaps the organization is the entity here. 

Therefore, the answer would be the three entities mentioned above. I need to make sure not to include time or location unless they are named entities. The example included "Lisbon" and "airport" as entities. In this case, there's no mention of a location, so maybe not. 

So the final answer would be the three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["elderly woman", 0.9], ["family member", 0.7], ["GNR's Emergency Protection and Relief Unit (UEPS)", 0.9]]