<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. So I need to look for any such entities mentioned or implied.

Looking at the input: "The searches were resumed this morning, involving members of the GNR and firefighters, and the woman was found at 3:40 pm."

First, "GNR" is a Portuguese police force, so that's an organization. "Firefighters" are a group, so that's another participant. The "woman" is an individual, so she's a participant too. The "searches" might be an event, but the participants are the ones involved in the searches. The time (3:40 pm) is just a time, not an entity. "This morning" is a time phrase as well. 

Wait, the example output included things like "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants, which seems odd. But according to the definition, participants can be entities involved. Maybe in that example, "engine" was part of the plane's issue, so it's considered an entity. But in this case, "searches" are the event, not a participant. The participants are the ones doing the searching: GNR members, firefighters, and the woman found. 

Wait, the woman was found, so she's a participant as the victim or subject. The GNR and firefighters are the ones conducting the search. So the entities would be "members of the GNR", "firefighters", and "the woman". 

But the example output included "the same source" as a participant. In the example, "source" was part of the entity. So maybe "GNR" as an organization, "firefighters" as a group, and "the woman" as an individual. 

I need to make sure I'm not missing any other entities. The text doesn't mention any other organizations or individuals. The time and location aren't participants. So the final list should be ["members of the GNR", "firefighters", "the woman"]. 

Now, confidence levels. "members of the GNR" is a clear group, so maybe 0.95. "firefighters" is straightforward, 0.9. "the woman" is an individual, but since she was found, she's definitely a participant, 0.9. 

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In this case, the text doesn't mention any sources, so maybe not. The example had "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source" as participants. Here, the participants are the groups and the woman. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. No other entities are mentioned. So the JSON array should be those three with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["members of the GNR", 0.95], ["firefighters", 0.9], ["the woman", 0.9]]