<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like people, organizations, places, etc., mentioned in the text. 

Looking at the input: "Veríssimo Pandamari, quoted by the Angolan news agency, Angop, said that the men were detained during an operation called "Kudissanga", which included the collaboration of members of the public."

First, I need to identify all the participants. The example output includes names, organizations, places, and even some phrases like "the same source" or "the airports". So, I should look for proper nouns and specific entities.

Starting with the first part: "Veríssimo Pandamari" is a person's name, so that's definitely a participant. Then, "Angolan news agency" is an organization, but the specific name is "Angop" which is the acronym. So "Angop" should be included. 

Next, "the men" – are they considered participants? In the example, "the aircraft" and "the plane" were included, so maybe collective nouns like "the men" are also participants. But wait, in the example, "the men" wasn't in the output. Wait, looking back at the example input, the output included "the aircraft" and "the plane", but in the given input here, "the men" might be a group of people, but the example didn't include "the men" in the output. Hmm, maybe the example includes specific named entities rather than generic terms. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "the aircraft", "the plane", "the airports", etc. So even if they are generic terms, if they are part of the sentence structure, they are included. So "the men" would be included here. However, in the example, "the men" wasn't in the output. Wait, the example input didn't have "the men", so maybe the user's instruction is to extract all noun phrases that are participants, regardless of being specific or generic. 

Wait, the example output includes "the airports" as a participant. So even if it's a generic term, as long as it's a noun phrase, it's included. So in the current input, "the men" would be a participant. However, the user's example output includes "the same source" and "the airports", so maybe all noun phrases that are participants, even if they are not specific names. 

But the input here mentions "the men were detained during an operation called 'Kudissanga'". So "the men" is a group of people, so they are participants. Then "operation called 'Kudissanga'" – the operation's name is "Kudissanga", so that should be included. Also, "members of the public" – that's a group, so "members of the public" would be a participant. 

Wait, but in the example output, "the same source" was included. So even if it's a phrase like "the same source", which refers back to a previously mentioned entity, it's included. So in this case, "the men" and "members of the public" would be participants. 

So compiling all the possible participants:

- Veríssimo Pandamari (person)
- Angolan news agency (organization, but the specific name is Angop)
- Angop (organization)
- the men (group of people)
- operation called "Kudissanga" (the operation's name)
- members of the public (group)

Wait, but in the example, "the airports" was included. So even if it's a generic term, it's included. So "the men" and "members of the public" would be included. 

But the example output also includes "Lusa." and "website." with periods. So maybe the user includes the entire noun phrase, even if it ends with a period. So in the current input, "Angolan news agency" is a noun phrase, but the specific name is "Angop", so "Angop" is included. However, "Angolan news agency" is a descriptor for Angop, but in the example, the output includes "a Public Security Police" and "the same source". So maybe the actual named entities are included, but also the descriptors. 

Wait, in the example input, the output includes "a Public Security Police" and "the same source". So even if it's a descriptor, it's included. So in the current input, "Angolan news agency" is a descriptor for "Angop", but "Angop" is the actual name. However, the example includes both "a Public Security Police" and "the same source", which are descriptors. So maybe all noun phrases that are participants, regardless of being specific or not. 

So in the current input, the participants would be:

- Veríssimo Pandamari
- Angolan news agency
- Angop
- the men
- operation called "Kudissanga"
- members of the public

But the example output includes "the airports" and "the aircraft", so even if they are generic, they are included. So "the men" and "members of the public" would be included. 

But the user's example output includes "the same source" as a participant. So even if it's a reference to a previously mentioned entity, it's included. 

So compiling the list:

["Veríssimo Pandamari", "Angolan news agency", "Angop", "the men", "operation called \"Kudissanga\"", "members of the public"]

Wait, but the example output includes "the airports" and "the aircraft" as participants. So even if they are generic, they are included. So in this case, "the men" and "members of the public" are included. 

But the user's example output also includes "Lusa." with a period. So maybe the periods are kept as they are in the text. So "Angop" is without a period, but "Lusa." has a period. However, in the input here, "Angop" is not followed by a period. So maybe the exact phrases as they appear in the text, including any punctuation. 

In the input, the phrase is "Angolan news agency, Angop", so the exact phrases would be "Angolan news agency" and "Angop". 

So the final list would be:

["Veríssimo Pandamari", "Angolan news agency", "Angop", "the men", "operation called \"Kudissanga\"", "members of the public"]

But wait, the example output includes "the same source" and "the airports", so even if they are generic, they are included. So "the men" and "members of the public" are included. 

But the user's example output also includes "the aircraft" and "the plane", which are generic terms. So in this case, "the men" and "members of the public" are included. 

Therefore, the JSON array would be:

["Veríssimo Pandamari", "Angolan news agency", "Angop", "the men", "operation called \"Kudissanga\"", "members of the public"]
</think>

["Veríssimo Pandamari", "Angolan news agency", "Angop", "the men", "operation called \"Kudissanga\"", "members of the public"]