<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants to classify. The input is a quote from Veríssimo Pandamari, mentioned by the Angolan news agency Angop. The participants are the entities listed, and I have to assign each to one of the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

Starting with "Veríssimo Pandamari". That's a name, likely a person. The context says he was quoted, so that's a person. So class Person.

Next, "Angolan news agency". That's an organization, right? It's a news agency, so Organization.

Then "Angop". That's the name of the agency, so also an Organization. The full name is Angolan news agency, but Angop is the abbreviation, still an organization.

"The men" – that's people, so Person. Unless it's referring to a group, but the term "men" here is plural, but the class is Person. Wait, the classes include Person, which can be singular or plural? The example had "the same source" as Person. So "the men" would be Person.

"Operation called 'Kudissanga'". An operation is an event or action, which might be classified as Object or Other. In the example, "emergency landing" was Object. So maybe "operation" here is an Object. But "operation called Kudissanga" is a specific operation, so perhaps Object.

"Members of the public" – that's people, so Person. Even though it's a group, the class is Person.

Wait, but looking at the example, "the same source" was classified as Person. So "members of the public" would be Person as well.

Let me check the example again. In the example, "source" was Person, "the same source" also Person. So any reference to people, even groups, would be Person. So "the men" and "members of the public" are both Person.

So the classifications would be:

- Veríssimo Pandamari: Person
- Angolan news agency: Organization
- Angop: Organization
- the men: Person
- operation called "Kudissanga": Object
- members of the public: Person

I need to make sure there's no other possible classes. For example, "operation" could be a Facility? No, Facility is like a building or structure. "Operation" is an action, so Object makes sense. "Kudissanga" is the name of the operation, so Object.

Yes, that seems right.
</think>

[["Veríssimo Pandamari", "Per"], ["Angolan news agency", "Org"], ["Angop", "Org"], ["the men", "Per"], ["operation called \"Kudissanga\"", "Obj"], ["members of the public", "Per"]]