<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about Indonesia outlawing a Muslim group responsible for vandalism against Western embassies and non-Islamic places of worship. The participants to classify are Indonesia, a Muslim group, Western embassies, and non-Islamic places of worship.

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had entries like "airport" classified as Facility, "Lisbon" as Pl_capital (which I think is a subcategory of Location), and "source" as Person. So I need to be careful with the subcategories if they exist, but the user didn't specify subcategories, just the main classes. Wait, the example output had "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" as part of the class, but maybe that's a mistake. Wait, looking back, the example output had entries like ["Lisbon", "Pl_capital"], but the classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe "Pl_capital" is a typo or a specific subcategory. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Wait, the user says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the example output might have used some subcategories, but maybe that's an error. Wait, the example output had entries like ["Lisbon", "Pl_capital"], but according to the classes given, "Location" is one of the classes. So perhaps "Pl_capital" is a mistake, and it should be "Location". But the user provided that example, so maybe they expect similar subcategories. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Wait, the user's example output includes "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" as classes, but the original classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. That's conflicting. Wait, maybe the example is incorrect, or perhaps the user intended for some subcategories. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Hmm, this is confusing. Let me check the original problem again.

The user provided an example where the output includes classes like "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil", which are not in the original list of classes. But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example is wrong, or maybe the user made a mistake. However, since the user provided that example, maybe I should follow it. Wait, but the user says in the task to classify according to how it's used in the input, and the classes are as listed. So maybe the example is incorrect, and the correct classes are the ones listed. Alternatively, perhaps the user intended for "Pl_capital" to be part of Location. But this is unclear.

Alternatively, maybe "Pl_capital" is a typo for "Location" (capital city). But given the confusion, perhaps I should stick strictly to the classes provided: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So in the example, "Lisbon" is a Location, "airport" is a Facility. So in the current task, let's proceed with that.

Now, looking at the participants to classify:

1. Indonesia: This is a country, so it's a Location (since countries are locations). But wait, the class "Location" includes places, so Indonesia would be a Location.

2. a Muslim group: This is an organization, so Organization.

3. Western embassies: Embassies are facilities, so Facility.

4. non-Islamic places of worship: Places of worship are facilities, so Facility.

Wait, but "places of worship" are facilities. So "non-Islamic places of worship" would be a Facility.

So the classifications would be:

- Indonesia: Location

- a Muslim group: Organization

- Western embassies: Facility

- non-Islamic places of worship: Facility

But let me check again. The user's example had "airport" as Facility, so embassies are similar. Places of worship are facilities. So yes.

So the output should be:

[
["Indonesia", "Location"],
["a Muslim group", "Organization"],
["Western embassies", "Facility"],
["non-Islamic places of worship", "Facility"]
]

But wait, the user's example had "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital" which might be a subcategory, but since the user's classes don't have that, I should use "Location" for Indonesia. Also, "Western embassies" is a plural noun, but the class is still Facility. So the answer should be as above.
</think>

[["Indonesia", "Location"], ["a Muslim group", "Organization"], ["Western embassies", "Facility"], ["non-Islamic places of worship", "Facility"]]