<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about the FPI organizing protests against the Christian governor of Jakarta. The participants to classify are "The FPI", "the Christian governor of Jakarta", and "Jakarta".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given in the task shows that "Plane" is classified as an Object, "airport" as a Facility, and "Lisbon" as a Place (capital). So, I should apply similar logic here.

Starting with "The FPI". FPI stands for FPI, which I think is an organization. In the example, "airline Jota Aviation" was classified as an Organization. Since FPI is likely a group or organization, I'll put that under Organization.

Next, "the Christian governor of Jakarta". A governor is a person, so this should be a Person. Even though there's a title and a descriptor ("Christian"), the core is the person holding the position. So, Person makes sense here.

Lastly, "Jakarta". That's a city, so it's a Location. In the example, "Lisbon" was classified as a Place (capital), so Jakarta, being a city, would be Location. 

Wait, but in the example, "Lisbon" was labeled as "Pl_capital", which might be a specific subclass. However, the classes here are broader: Location. So maybe "Jakarta" is just Location. The example's output used "Pl_capital" but the user's classes list includes Location. Maybe the example had a typo or specific encoding. The user's instruction says to use the classes as listed: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "Jakarta" is a Location.

So the classifications would be:

- The FPI: Organization
- the Christian governor of Jakarta: Person
- Jakarta: Location

I need to make sure there are no other possible classifications. "The Christian governor" isn't an organization or object. "Jakarta" isn't a facility or nature. So yes, that's correct.
</think>

[["The FPI", "Org"], ["the Christian governor of Jakarta", "Per"], ["Jakarta", "Loc"]]