<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about Rizieg Shihab handing himself over to authorities because he was accused of inciting the population to violate government restrictions during the pandemic. The participants to classify are "Rizieg Shihab", "authorities", "Government", and "population".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" for locations, but maybe those are specific subcategories. Wait, the user's example had "Pl_capital" for Lisbon, which is a city, so maybe "Pl" stands for "Place" with subtypes. However, the main classes here are the ones listed. The example output used "Org" for organizations, "Per" for persons, "Fac" for facilities, etc.

Looking at the participants:

1. "Rizieg Shihab" – This is a person's name. The leader of an organization, so "Person" (Per) makes sense.

2. "authorities" – This refers to a group of people in power, like government officials. Since it's a collective, it's more of an Organization (Org) or maybe a Person? But "authorities" is a group, so likely Organization.

3. "Government" – This is definitely an Organization (Org), as it's a governing body.

4. "population" – This refers to people in general, not a specific person or organization. It's a collective noun, but the class options don't have a "Group" category. The closest might be "Other" or maybe "Person" if it's considered a collective of people. However, in the example, "population" wasn't present, but "the population" was classified as "Per" in the example? Wait, no, in the example, "source" was classified as "Per" (Person), and "the same source" as "Per". But "population" is a group of people, not a specific person. So maybe "Other"? Or maybe "Person" if the class allows for collective nouns. But the example didn't have that. Alternatively, "Other" might be the safest choice here.

Wait, looking back at the example, "source" was classified as "Per" (Person), which makes sense if the source is a person. But "population" is a group, not a specific person. So perhaps "Other" is the right class here. Alternatively, maybe "Person" if the system allows for collective terms. But I need to check the classes again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. "Population" isn't a person, organization, object, location, nature, or facility. So "Other" is the correct class.

So the classifications would be:

- Rizieg Shihab: Person (Per)
- authorities: Organization (Org)
- Government: Organization (Org)
- population: Other

Wait, but in the example, "the airports" was classified as "Fac" (Facility). So "authorities" as a group could be an Organization. "Government" is definitely an Organization. "Population" is a group of people, but not an organization. So "Other" seems right.

I think that's it. Let me double-check each term again.
</think>

[["Rizieg Shihab", "Per"], ["authorities", "Org"], ["Government", "Org"], ["population", "Other"]]