<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Segundo o comandante dos bombeiros de Santa Marta de Penaguião, Vasco Correia, o óbito foi declarado no local pela equipa da Viatura Médica de Emergência e Reanimação (VMER)."

Breaking it down, the main elements here are people and organizations involved. Let's list them out.

First, "o comandante dos bombeiros de Santa Marta de Penaguião, Vasco Correia" – here, "Vasco Correia" is the name of the commander. So "Vasco Correia" is a participant. The title "comandante dos bombeiros" might be part of his role, but the name itself is the entity. The place "Santa Marta de Penaguião" is a location, but the question is whether it's a participant. The definition says participants can be entities impacted or involved. Since it's the location of the fire department, maybe it's considered a participant? But the example given in the task didn't include places unless they were part of an organization. Hmm, in the example, "aeroporto" and "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" were included. So maybe locations are included if they are part of the entity's name. But "Santa Marta de Penaguião" is a place name, not an organization. However, the comandante is from there, so maybe it's part of the entity. Wait, the example included "Lisboa" multiple times, so maybe locations are included. But in the example, "os aeroportos" was included. So perhaps places are considered participants if they are part of the event's context. But I need to be careful here. Alternatively, maybe only the named entities that are people, organizations, or groups. Let me check the example again. The example output had "aeroporto", "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", "Lisboa", "os aeroportos", etc. So places are included as participants. So in this case, "Santa Marta de Penaguião" is a location, so it should be included. But the user might consider it as a participant. However, the example also included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte", which are more abstract. So maybe even generic terms like "aeroporto" are included if they are part of the entity name. 

Next, "Viatura Médica de Emergência e Reanimação (VMER)" – this is an organization or a unit, so "Viatura Médica de Emergência e Reanimação (VMER)" is a participant. The acronym VMER is part of the name, so that's included. 

The "equipe da Viatura Médica..." – the team is part of the VMER, so maybe "equipe" is a participant, but in the example, they included "a equipa" as a participant. Wait, in the example, "a aeronave" was included. So if the text mentions "equipe da Viatura...", then "equipe" is a participant. But the example included "a aeronave", "a equipa", etc. So in this case, "equipe da Viatura Médica..." would be "equipe" as a participant. However, the example also included "a mesma fonte", which is a reference to a previous entity. So maybe "equipe" is a participant here. 

Also, "o óbito" – the death is an event, not a participant. So that's not included. 

So compiling the participants:

1. Vasco Correia – the commander, definitely a participant. Confidence high, say 0.95.
2. Santa Marta de Penaguião – the location, as per the example, included. Confidence maybe 0.8.
3. Viatura Médica de Emergência e Reanimação (VMER) – the organization. Confidence 0.95.
4. equipe da Viatura Médica de Emergência e Reanimação (VMER) – the team. But in the example, they included "a equipa" as a separate entity. So here, "equipe" is a participant. However, the exact phrase is "equipe da Viatura...", so maybe "equipe" is the entity. But the example included "a aeronave" and "a equipa", so perhaps the noun is the entity. So "equipe" would be the participant. But the example had "a aeronave" and "a equipa", so maybe "equipe" here is included. Confidence 0.85.

Wait, but in the example, "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" were both included. So even if the same noun is mentioned with different articles, they are considered separate entries. So in this case, "equipe" is mentioned once, so it's one entry. 

Also, "o comandante dos bombeiros de Santa Marta de Penaguião" – the title "comandante dos bombeiros" is part of the role, but the actual name is Vasco Correia. So "Vasco Correia" is the participant. The place "Santa Marta de Penaguião" is part of his title, but as a location, it's included as a participant. 

So the final list would be:

["Vasco Correia", 0.95], ["Santa Marta de Penaguião", 0.8], ["Viatura Médica de Emergência e Reanimação (VMER)", 0.95], ["equipe", 0.85]

Wait, but in the example, they included "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" as separate entries. So if the text has "a aeronave" and "A aeronave", they are both included. In this case, the text says "equipe da Viatura...", so "equipe" is the entity. But maybe "equipe da Viatura..." is considered as a single entity. However, the example included "a equipa" as a separate entity. So perhaps "equipe" is the entity here. 

Alternatively, maybe "equipe da Viatura Médica..." is the full name, so "equipe da Viatura Médica de Emergência e Reanimação (VMER)" is the entity. But the example included "a aeronave" and "a equipa" as separate, so maybe the noun is the entity regardless of the article. 

This is a bit tricky. To be safe, I'll include "equipe" as a participant with confidence 0.85. Also, "Viatura Médica..." as a participant. 

Another thing: "o comandante dos bombeiros de Santa Marta de Penaguião" – the comandante is Vasco Correia, so "Vasco Correia" is the participant. The title is part of his role, but the name is the entity. 

So the final list would be:

["Vasco Correia", 0.95], ["Santa Marta de Penaguião", 0.8], ["Viatura Médica de Emergência e Reanimação (VMER)", 0.95], ["equipe", 0.85]

But I need to check if "equipe" is the correct entity. In the example, "a equipa" was included. So in Portuguese, "equipe" is the same as "equipa". So "equipe" is the noun. So yes, "equipe" is the entity here. 

Alternatively, maybe "equipe da Viatura..." is the full entity. But the example included "a aeronave" and "a equipa", so the noun is the entity. Therefore, "equipe" is the participant. 

I think that's all. Now, converting this into the required JSON format.
</think>

[["Vasco Correia", 0.95], ["Santa Marta de Penaguião", 0.8], ["Viatura Médica de Emergência e Reanimação (VMER)", 0.95], ["equipe", 0.85]]