<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is a sentence about a fire commander, Vasco Correia, from Santa Marta de Penaguião, who mentions that the death was declared by the VMER team.

The participants to classify are: "Vasco Correia", "Santa Marta de Penaguião", "Viatura Médica de Emergência e Reanimação (VMER)", and "equipe".

Starting with "Vasco Correia". The name is a person, specifically a fire commander. According to the classes, "Per" is for human individuals or characters. So that's Per. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "Santa Marta de Penaguião". This looks like a place name. The class Pl_civil is for political regions or administrative areas, usually sub-national. Since it's a municipality in Portugal, it's a sub-national administrative area. So Pl_civil with confidence around 0.9.

"Viatura Médica de Emergência e Reanimação (VMER)" is a medical emergency vehicle. The class Obj is for tangible, manmade objects. A vehicle would be Obj. But wait, there's a Veh class. Wait, looking back at the classes: Veh is vehicles. So maybe Veh? Wait, the example given for Obj is "a cadeira" (chair), which is an object. But vehicles are under Veh. Let me check the definitions again.

In the classes, Veh is vehicles. So "Viatura Médica..." is a vehicle, so Veh. But the example given for Obj is "a cadeira", which is an object. Wait, but the user's example for Obj includes "O João partiu a cadeira" (João broke the chair). So chairs are Obj. But vehicles are under Veh. So the VMER is a vehicle, so Veh. But the name is a bit long. However, in the input, it's referred to as "Viatura Médica...", which is a vehicle. So Veh. Confidence around 0.95.

Then "equipe" translates to "team". The class Org is for organizations, companies, governments, teams, institutions. So "equipe" (team) would be Org. But wait, the example for Org includes "A EDP" (a company). A team is an organization. So Org. Confidence 0.9.

Wait, but the user's example for Org includes "A EDP" (a company), but "equipe" is a team. So yes, Org. Alternatively, maybe "equipe" could be considered as a group of people, which is Per? No, because Per is for individuals or characters. A team is an organization. So Org.

So the classifications would be:

- Vasco Correia: Per
- Santa Marta de Penaguião: Pl_civil
- Viatura Médica...: Veh
- equipe: Org

Confidences are high for each, maybe 0.95, 0.9, 0.95, 0.9 respectively.
</think>

[["Vasco Correia", "Per", 0.95], ["Santa Marta de Penaguião", "Pl_civil", 0.9], ["Viatura Médica de Emergência e Reanimação (VMER)", "Veh", 0.95], ["equipe", "Org", 0.9]]