<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and they might be mentioned explicitly or inferred.

Looking at the input: "As vítimas mortais foram três homens, três mulheres e uma criança de 09 anos, noticiou o jornal South China Morning Post (SCMP)."

First, I need to identify all entities that are participants. The main participants here are the victims. The text mentions "três homens, três mulheres e uma criança de 09 anos." These are groups of people, so each category (homens, mulheres, criança) should be considered as participants. However, the example output in the task included specific terms like "três homens" as entities. Wait, but in the example given earlier, the output had entries like "três homens" but in the current example, the user's output might be different. Wait, no, the user's example input was different. Let me check again.

Wait, the user provided an example where the input was about an airplane emergency, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc. So in that case, even parts of the sentence like "o motor" were considered participants. But here, the participants are the victims. The text says "três homens, três mulheres e uma criança de 09 anos." So each of these groups is a participant. Also, the newspaper "South China Morning Post (SCMP)" is mentioned as the source, so that's another participant. The term "noticiou" refers to the newspaper, so "o jornal South China Morning Post (SCMP)" is an entity.

So the entities would be:

- "três homens" (group of men)
- "três mulheres" (group of women)
- "uma criança de 09 anos" (the child)
- "o jornal South China Morning Post (SCMP)" (the newspaper)

I need to check if each of these is a participant. The victims are definitely participants. The newspaper is the one reporting, so it's also a participant. The confidence scores: for the victims, since they are explicitly mentioned, I can be confident. The newspaper is also explicitly mentioned. However, the example output included "três homens" as an entity, so I should include each of these groups. Also, the example had "três homens" and "três mulheres" as separate entries. So here, I should list each group as separate entities.

Wait, but the user's example output for the airplane case included "três homens" as an entity. So in this case, the same approach applies. So the three groups are separate entities. The newspaper is another entity. Also, the term "South China Morning Post (SCMP)" is the full name, so both the full name and the abbreviation might be considered, but in the example, they used the full name. However, in the input, it's written as "South China Morning Post (SCMP)", so the entity would be "South China Morning Post (SCMP)" with the confidence. Alternatively, maybe just "South China Morning Post" and "SCMP" as separate entities, but the example didn't split them. The example had "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entities. So in this case, the newspaper is mentioned as "o jornal South China Morning Post (SCMP)", so the entity would be "o jornal South China Morning Post (SCMP)" with confidence. But maybe "South China Morning Post (SCMP)" is the main entity, and "o jornal" is a determiner. However, in the example, they included "à agência Lusa" which includes the preposition. So perhaps the entire phrase is considered. Alternatively, maybe just the name. But the example had "à agência Lusa" as an entity. So perhaps the entire phrase is taken as the entity. So here, "o jornal South China Morning Post (SCMP)" would be the entity. But maybe "South China Morning Post (SCMP)" is the main entity, and "o jornal" is part of the phrase. However, in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were included. So perhaps the entire noun phrase is considered. Therefore, the entities here would be:

1. "três homens" – confidence high, maybe 0.95
2. "três mulheres" – same confidence
3. "uma criança de 09 anos" – same
4. "o jornal South China Morning Post (SCMP)" – confidence 0.9

I need to make sure that each is listed as a separate entity. Also, check if "South China Morning Post (SCMP)" is considered as one entity. The example included "a ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" as an entity, so the full name with the abbreviation in parentheses is acceptable. Therefore, the entities are as listed above. The confidence scores are high because they are explicitly mentioned. The child's age is specified, but the entity is still the child. So the answer should be a JSON array with these entities and their confidence scores.
</think>

[["três homens", 0.95], ["três mulheres", 0.95], ["uma criança de 09 anos", 0.95], ["o jornal South China Morning Post (SCMP)", 0.9]]