<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., and even things like "o motor" (the engine) if they're relevant.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Três homens e quatro mulheres foram hospitalizados, no domingo à noite, em estado crítico." Translating that, it's "Three men and four women were hospitalized on Sunday night in critical condition."

So, the main participants here are the people involved. The text mentions "três homens" (three men) and "quatro mulheres" (four women). These are groups of individuals. The other parts like "no domingo à noite" (on Sunday night) and "em estado crítico" (in critical condition) are more about the circumstances rather than participants.

Now, the example output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were repeated. So, I need to check if "três homens" and "quatro mulheres" are considered participants. Since they are the ones being hospitalized, they are definitely participants. 

But wait, the example also included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) as participants. In this case, the text doesn't mention any sources or organizations, just the people. So the main entities here are the groups of men and women. 

I should list each group as separate entities. However, the example had "Um avião" and "O avião" as separate entries. Similarly, here, "três homens" and "quatro mulheres" are distinct. But the example also included "os aeroportos" (the airports) as a participant. In this case, the hospitals aren't mentioned, so maybe only the people are participants.

Wait, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The men and women are the ones hospitalized, so they are participants. The hospitals or medical staff aren't mentioned, so they aren't included. 

So the output should be ["três homens", "quatro mulheres"]. But the example had multiple instances of the same entity. For example, "Avião" and "O avião" were both listed. However, in this case, the text only mentions "três homens" and "quatro mulheres" once each. 

But maybe "três homens" and "quatro mulheres" are considered as entities. However, the example included "três homens" as a single entity. Wait, in the example input, the output had entries like "Três homens" and "quatro mulheres" as separate entities. Wait, no, looking back, the example input was different. Let me check again.

Wait, the user provided an example where the input was about an airplane emergency, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc. The output list had entries like "Avião", "o motor", "Um avião", "a aeronave", etc. So even if the same entity is mentioned in different forms, they are all listed separately. 

In the current input, the entities are "três homens" and "quatro mulheres". Are there any other entities? The time "no domingo à noite" is a time phrase, not an entity. "em estado crítico" is a condition, not an entity. So the only participants are the groups of people. 

But the example included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if a location is mentioned multiple times, each instance is listed. However, in this case, the location isn't mentioned. So the only participants are the three men and four women. 

But wait, the example also included "fonte" (source) as a participant. In this case, there's no source mentioned. So the answer should be the two groups. 

Now, confidence scores. The user's example had varying confidence levels, but the instruction says to include a confidence for each element. Since the text explicitly states "três homens e quatro mulheres", the confidence for each should be high, maybe 0.95 or 1.0. However, the example had some entries with lower confidence, but in this case, the entities are clearly mentioned. 

So the final output would be a JSON array with each entity and their confidence. The entities are "três homens" and "quatro mulheres", each with a confidence of 1.0. But wait, the example had entries like "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entities. In this case, the groups are mentioned once each. So the output should be:

[["três homens", 1.0], ["quatro mulheres", 1.0]]

But I need to check if "três homens" and "quatro mulheres" are considered as single entities or if each individual is an entity. However, the example included "três homens" as a single entity, not each man. So the answer should be the groups as entities. 

Yes, that makes sense. The participants are the groups of three men and four women. So the answer is those two entities with high confidence.
</think>

[["três homens", 1.0], ["quatro mulheres", 1.0]]