<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is a sentence in Portuguese: "O apartamento terá acolhido uma reunião familiar, mas as autoridades estão a investigar se funcionava no local um restaurante sem licença." The participants to classify are "O apartamento", "as autoridades", and "um restaurante sem licença".

Starting with "O apartamento". The class options include Obj, Fac, etc. An apartment is a manmade structure, so it's likely a facility (Fac). But wait, the definition of Fac is facilities. So yes, "O apartamento" would be Fac. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "as autoridades". Authorities are organizations or groups, so Org. But wait, "autoridades" can refer to government bodies, which are organizations. So Org makes sense. Confidence around 0.9.

Lastly, "um restaurante sem licença". A restaurant is a manmade object, but the class Obj is for tangible objects. However, a restaurant is a business, which might be considered an organization. Wait, the example given for Org includes companies, governments, etc. So a restaurant would be Org. But the example for Obj includes objects like a chair. Hmm. Wait, the definition says Obj is tangible, manmade objects. A restaurant is a place, but maybe it's considered a facility (Fac) if it's a building. But the term here is "restaurante", which is a business entity. So maybe Org? But the example for Obj includes "a cadeira" (chair), which is an object. However, a restaurant as an establishment might be considered an organization. But I'm a bit confused here. Let me check the classes again. Org is for entities with organizational structure, like companies. A restaurant is a business, so it's an organization. Therefore, "um restaurante sem licença" would be Org. But wait, the example given for Obj is "a cadeira" (chair), which is an object. However, a restaurant is more of a place or a business. Maybe it's a Fac? Or is it an Org? The user's example for Org includes companies, so if the restaurant is a company, then Org. But if it's the physical building, then Fac. The text says "funcionava no local um restaurante sem licença" – the restaurant was operating there. So the restaurant here is the business, not the building. Therefore, it's an organization (Org). But I'm not entirely sure. Alternatively, maybe it's a Fac if it's considered a facility. But the example for Fac includes places like aeroportos (airports). So maybe "restaurante" is a Fac. Wait, the definition of Fac is facilities. So a restaurant as a facility would be Fac. But the example for Org includes companies. So if the restaurant is a company, then Org. But the text refers to the restaurant as an entity that was operating without a license, which is more about the business entity. Hmm. This is a bit tricky. Maybe I should go with Org here, but I'm not 100% certain. Alternatively, if the restaurant is considered a place, then Fac. Let me think again. The example given for Fac includes "aeroporto" (airport), which is a facility. A restaurant is a place where people eat, so it's a facility. Therefore, "um restaurante" would be Fac. But the example for Org includes companies. However, the restaurant here is not a company but a facility. So maybe Fac. But I'm not sure. Let me check the classes again. The user's example for Fac includes "aeroporto", which is a facility. So "restaurante" would be Fac. Therefore, I think "um restaurante sem licença" is Fac. But I'm not entirely confident. Maybe 0.8 confidence. Alternatively, if it's considered an organization, then Org. But I think Fac is more accurate here. So I'll go with Fac for "um restaurante sem licença".
</think>

<Output>
[["O apartamento", "Fac", 0.95], ["as autoridades", "Org", 0.9], ["um restaurante sem licença", "Fac", 0.8]]
</Output>