<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "O apartamento terá acolhido uma reunião familiar, mas as autoridades estão a investigar se funcionava no local um restaurante sem licença."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "O apartamento" – the apartment where the event happened. It's a location, so it's a participant.
2. "uma reunião familiar" – a family meeting. The meeting itself is an event, but the participants would be the people involved. However, the text doesn't mention specific individuals, just the meeting. So maybe "reunião familiar" is an event, not a participant. Wait, the definition says participants can be entities involved or impacted. The apartment is involved as the location. The family meeting is an event, but the participants would be the family members. But since they aren't named, maybe it's not included. Hmm, tricky.

Next, "as autoridades" – the authorities. They are investigating, so they are participants. Then "um restaurante sem licença" – an unlicensed restaurant. The restaurant is a potential participant as it's being investigated. The location is the apartment, which is mentioned again as "no local" (the place), but that refers back to the apartment. 

Wait, the example in the task included "aeroporto" and "os aeroportos" as separate entries. So even if it's the same place mentioned in different contexts, they are listed separately. So here, "O apartamento" and "no local" might be considered separate mentions. But "no local" is just referring to the apartment, so maybe "o apartamento" and "no local" are both participants. However, "no local" is a prepositional phrase, not an entity. The example included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant. So maybe even prepositional phrases with the entity are included as separate entries. 

So in this case, "O apartamento" and "no local" (which refers to the apartment) would both be participants. But "no local" is not an entity name, it's a description. Wait, the example had "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant. So maybe the entire phrase including the preposition is considered. So here, "no local" might be considered as a participant, but it's a bit ambiguous. Alternatively, maybe only the noun phrases are considered. 

Also, "as autoridades" is a group, so that's a participant. "um restaurante sem licença" is an organization or entity, even if unlicensed. So that's a participant. 

So compiling the list:

- "O apartamento" (confidence 0.9)
- "uma reunião familiar" (but is this an entity? The definition says participants are entities involved. The meeting is an event, not an entity. So maybe not included. The participants would be the family members, but they aren't named. So perhaps not included here.)
- "as autoridades" (confidence 0.9)
- "um restaurante sem licença" (confidence 0.8)
- "no local" (if following the example, but this is a prepositional phrase. The example included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant. So maybe "no local" is considered here as a participant. But "local" is a generic term. However, in the example, "Lisboa" was included multiple times. So maybe "no local" is not an entity but a reference to the apartment. So perhaps not included. Alternatively, if the apartment is the location, then "no local" is just pointing to the apartment, so maybe not a separate entity. This is a bit confusing. Maybe better to include "O apartamento" and "no local" as separate entries, but I'm not sure. The example included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant, so perhaps "no local" is included here. But "local" is a generic term. Hmm.)

Wait, looking back at the example output, they included "aeroporto" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as separate entries. So in this case, "O apartamento" and "no local" might be considered as separate participants. However, "no local" is not a specific name, just a reference to the location. But the example included "Lisboa" multiple times. So maybe even generic terms like "no local" are included if they refer to a specific place. But in this case, "no local" is vague. However, the original text says "no local" which refers to the apartment. So maybe "no local" is not a participant but a reference to the apartment. Therefore, perhaps only "O apartamento" is included as a participant.

So the participants would be:

- "O apartamento" (confidence 0.9)
- "as autoridades" (confidence 0.9)
- "um restaurante sem licença" (confidence 0.8)

Wait, but the example included "fonte", "a mesma fonte", etc., which are mentions of sources. In the current input, there's no mention of sources, but the example included them. So in this case, the only entities are the apartment, the authorities, and the unlicensed restaurant. 

Another thing: "uma reunião familiar" is an event, not a participant. The participants would be the people in the meeting, but they aren't named. So not included. 

So the final list would be:

["O apartamento", 0.9], ["as autoridades", 0.9], ["um restaurante sem licença", 0.8]

But wait, in the example, even repeated mentions like "Um avião", "o motor", etc., were included. So in this case, "O apartamento" and "no local" (if considered) would be separate. But I'm not sure about "no local". Maybe better to include "O apartamento" and "no local" as separate entries. However, "no local" is a prepositional phrase. The example included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant. So perhaps "no local" is included here. But "local" is a generic term, not a specific name. However, in the original text, "no local" refers to the apartment. So maybe "no local" is a participant, but it's a bit ambiguous. 

Alternatively, maybe "no local" is not an entity but a description. So perhaps only "O apartamento" is a participant. 

I think the safest approach is to include "O apartamento" and "as autoridades" and "um restaurante sem licença" as participants. The "no local" might not be an entity but a reference to the apartment. So the final answer would be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["O apartamento", 0.9], ["as autoridades", 0.9], ["um restaurante sem licença", 0.8]]