<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event.

First, I'll read through the input carefully. The text is about a 75-year-old man found dead with signs of being tied to his feet and not treated for suicide. The GNR (National Republican Guard) was alerted by a family member. The commander Diogo Morgado from the Caldas da Rainha Territorial Detachment of the GNR provided the information to Lusa agency.

Now, I need to identify all participants. Let's start with the obvious ones. The GNR is mentioned as the entity that was alerted. Then there's the family member who lives close to the victim. The victim is a 75-year-old man. The commander Diogo Morgado is part of the GNR. The Lusa agency is mentioned as the recipient of the information. Also, the Caldas da Rainha Territorial Detachment of the GNR is a specific unit. The victim's age and status (lived alone) might be part of his description, but he's the main participant. The terms like "signs of having been tied to his feet" and "not treated for a suicide" are descriptions of the situation, not participants. The "mothers" here might be a typo, maybe "mother" or "mothers" in context, but it's unclear. However, since it's part of the description of the victim's condition, it might not be a participant. 

Wait, the original text says "signs of having been tied to his feet and mothers and signs that he had not been treated for a suicide." That seems like a possible typo. Maybe "mothers" is a mistake, perhaps "mother" or "others"? But regardless, the key participants are the GNR, the family member, the victim, the commander, the Lusa agency, and the detachment. 

Let me list them out:

1. GNR (National Republican Guard) - definitely a participant as they were alerted.
2. Family member - the one who alerted the GNR.
3. 75-year-old man (victim) - the deceased.
4. Diogo Morgado - the commander of the detachment.
5. Caldas da Rainha Territorial Detachment of the GNR - the specific unit.
6. Lusa agency - the news agency that received the information.

Now, checking for any other entities. The text mentions "the victim" which refers to the 75-year-old man. The commander's title includes the detachment, which is part of the GNR. The "signs" and "tied to his feet" are not participants. The age and living alone are attributes of the victim. 

Confidence scores: GNR is clearly mentioned, so high confidence. The family member is explicitly stated as the one who alerted. The victim is the main subject. Diogo Morgado is a named individual with a title. The detachment is part of the GNR. Lusa agency is mentioned as the source. The "mothers" part is confusing, but since it's part of the description of the victim's condition, not a participant. 

I think that's all. Now, I need to format each entity with a confidence score between 0 and 1. Let me assign them:

- "GNR" - 0.95
- "family member" - 0.9
- "75-year-old man" - 0.95
- "Diogo Morgado" - 0.95
- "Caldas da Rainha Territorial Detachment of the GNR" - 0.9
- "Lusa agency" - 0.95

I should also check if any other entities are present. The text says "commander of the Caldas da Rainha Territorial Detachment of the GNR" which is part of the title of Diogo Morgado, so that's covered. The "victim" is the same as the 75-year-old man. 

I think that's all. Now, structure the JSON array with each entity and confidence.
</think>

[["GNR", 0.95], ["family member", 0.9], ["75-year-old man", 0.95], ["Diogo Morgado", 0.95], ["Caldas da Rainha Territorial Detachment of the GNR", 0.9], ["Lusa agency", 0.95]]