<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each participant listed into the given classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, I'll look at each entity one by one.

1. "Figura da oposição do Mali" – This translates to "Opposition figure of Mali." The term "figura da oposição" refers to a person, so this should be a Person. But wait, the exact phrase is "Figura da oposição do Mali," which is a title or role, not a name. However, in the example provided earlier, "fonte" was classified as Person, even though it's a generic term. So maybe here, since it's a title referring to a specific individual, it's still a Person. But I need to be careful. Alternatively, if it's a role or position, maybe it's an Organization? No, the example had "fonte" as Person. Hmm. Maybe "Figura da oposição" is a role, but since it's referring to a specific person (Soumaila Cissé), perhaps it's a Person. But the exact entity is "Figura da oposição do Mali," which is a description, not a name. Wait, in the participants list, the user provided "Figura da oposição do Mali" as an entity to classify. So even though it's a title, the classification might be Person because it refers to an individual. Or maybe it's Other? I need to check the classes again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. Since it's a title of a person, maybe it's Person. But I'm not entirely sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "fonte" was classified as Person. So maybe even if it's a generic term, if it refers to a person, it's Person. So I'll go with Person here.

2. "Soumaila Cissé" – This is clearly a person's name. So Person.

3. "Mali" – This is a country, so Location. But the classes have Location, and Mali is a country, which is a Location. So Location.

4. "Tumbuktu" – This is a city in Mali. So Location.

5. "Noroeste" – This translates to "Northwest," which is a region. So Location as well.

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital, which is a sub-type of Location. However, the user's classes here don't have sub-types like Pl_capital, just Location. So all geographical names would be Location. So "Mali" is a country (Location), "Tumbuktu" is a city (Location), "Noroeste" is a region (Location). 

So the classifications would be:

["Figura da oposição do Mali", "Per"], ["Soumaila Cissé", "Per"], ["Mali", "Loc"], ["Tumbuktu", "Loc"], ["Noroeste", "Loc"]

But wait, the example had "Lisboa" as Pl_capital, but in the current task, the classes are just Location. So maybe the user expects "Location" for all geographical entities. So yes, all three would be Location. 

I think that's it. Let me double-check each entity again. The first one is a title, but since it refers to a person, Person. The rest are geographical names, so Location. The answer should be as above.
</think>

[["Figura da oposição do Mali", "Per"], ["Soumaila Cissé", "Per"], ["Mali", "Loc"], ["Tumbuktu", "Loc"], ["Noroeste", "Loc"]]