<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, let me read the input carefully. The sentence says: "Foi libertado em outubro, após seis meses de cativeiro às mãos de ‘jihadistas’ ao mesmo tempo que a francesa Sophie Pétronin e dois italianos, em troca de 200 detidos libertados." 

The participants to classify are: "jihadistas", "a francesa Sophie Pétronin", "dois italianos", "200 detidos".

Starting with "jihadistas". The term "jihadistas" refers to individuals or groups involved in jihad, which is a religious concept. However, in this context, they are the captors. Since they are people, even if they are part of a group, the class here would be Person. Wait, but sometimes groups can be classified as Organizations. However, the term "jihadistas" is more about individuals or a collective noun. But the example given in the task might have similar cases. For example, in the previous example, "fonte" was classified as Person. But "jihadistas" might be considered as a group, but since it's not a formal organization, maybe it's Other? Hmm, but the user's example had "fonte da Polícia" as Organization. Wait, the example had "fonte" as Person. Wait, looking back, the example had "fonte" as Per (Person) and "a mesma fonte" as Per. So maybe "jihadistas" here is a group, but since it's not an official organization, perhaps it's Other? Or maybe Person if they are individuals. But "jihadistas" is plural, so it's more than one person. But in the absence of a specific organization name, maybe it's Other? Or maybe it's considered as a collective noun, but the classes don't have a collective category. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "jihadistas" would be Other? Or maybe Person? Wait, the user's example had "fonte" as Person. But "fonte" is a person. So "jihadistas" is a group of people, but the class might be Other. Alternatively, maybe it's considered as Organization if they are a known group, but since it's just "jihadistas" without a specific name, it's more likely Other. But I'm not sure. Let me check the example again. In the previous example, "fonte" was classified as Person. So maybe if it's a group of people, even without a name, it's Person? But that might not be accurate. Alternatively, maybe "jihadistas" is considered as a group, which is an Organization. But I'm not certain. This might need to be classified as Other. Let me think again. The classes are: Person (individuals), Organization (companies, groups, etc.), Object (things), Location (places), Nature (natural elements), Facility (buildings, structures), Other. So "jihadistas" is a group, but not an official organization. So maybe Other. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, if the term refers to individuals, even in a collective sense, maybe Person. But the plural form suggests multiple people, so perhaps Person. Wait, but the class "Person" is for individuals, not groups. So maybe "jihadistas" is Other. Hmm, this is tricky. I'll go with Other for now.

Next, "a francesa Sophie Pétronin". This is a person's name, Sophie Pétronin, with the nationality "francesa" (French). So this is clearly a Person.

"dois italianos" translates to "two Italians". These are individuals, so they are Persons. Even though it's plural, the class is Person.

"200 detidos" is "200 detainees". These are people who were detained, so they are Persons. Even though it's a number, the term refers to people, so Person.

Wait, but the class "Person" is for individuals, but "200 detidos" is a group. However, in the example, "fonte" was classified as Person even though it's a singular term. So maybe even if it's a group, if they are people, it's Person. So "200 detidos" would be Person.

So the classifications would be:

- "jihadistas": Other
- "a francesa Sophie Pétronin": Person
- "dois italianos": Person
- "200 detidos": Person

But I need to make sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "fonte" was Person. So if "fonte" is a person, then "dois italianos" (two Italians) are Persons. Similarly, "200 detidos" are people, so Person. "jihadistas" is a group, but not an organization, so Other. That seems right.
</think>

[["jihadistas", "Other"], ["a francesa Sophie Pétronin", "Per"], ["dois italianos", "Per"], ["200 detidos", "Per"]]