<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "The man was found on the public road." 

First, identify the main entities. "The man" is clearly an individual, so that's a participant. The action here is being found, so he's a patient or victim. Then, "public road" is a location. But wait, the definition includes entities that are impacted or involved. The road itself isn't an active participant, but maybe the location is considered. However, in the example provided earlier, they included "airport" and "Lisbon" as entities. So maybe locations are included here too. 

Wait, in the example, "airport" was included as a participant. So even though the road isn't an active agent, it's part of the event's context. But the user's example output included "airport" and "Lisbon" as entities. However, in the input here, "public road" is a location where the event happened. Should that be considered a participant? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The road isn't impacted, but it's the location. Maybe the answer includes "the man" and "public road" as entities. 

But let me check the example again. In the example input, they had "airport" and "Lisbon" as entities. So maybe locations are included. However, in the output, "airport" was listed as a participant. So perhaps the road is a participant here. 

But wait, the user's example output included "airport" as an entity. Let me check the example again. The input had "Humberto Delgado Airport" and "Lisbon" as entities. So in this case, "public road" would be the location. But is the road considered a participant? The definition says "impacted by an event or state." The road isn't impacted, but it's the location where the event occurred. However, the example included "airport" as a participant. So maybe locations are included even if they aren't directly impacted. 

Alternatively, maybe the user's example included "airport" because it's part of the event's context. So in this case, "public road" would be included. But the user's example also included "Lisbon" as a participant. So perhaps the answer here is ["The man", "public road"].

But wait, the user's example output had "airport" and "Lisbon" as separate entities. So in this case, "public road" is the location. Let me think again. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The man is involved as the subject. The road is the location where the event happened. But is the road considered a participant? The example included "airport" as a participant, which is a location. So maybe yes. Therefore, the answer would be ["The man", "public road"].

But wait, in the example, "airport" was included as a participant. So in this case, "public road" would be a participant. However, the user's example also included "Lisbon" as a participant. So maybe the answer here includes both the man and the road. 

But the confidence levels need to be assigned. For "The man", confidence is high, maybe 0.95. For "public road", maybe 0.75, since it's a location but not an active participant. But in the example, "airport" was given a confidence of 1.0? Wait, looking at the example output, the user's example output had entries like ["Plane", "to engine", ...], but the confidence wasn't shown. Wait, the user's example output was a list of entities without confidence, but the task requires including confidence for each. However, the example output provided by the user in the task description omitted confidence, but the actual answer must include it. 

Wait, the user's example input and output were:

Input: "Plane makes emergency landing at Lisbon airport due to engine failure..."

Output: ["Plane", "to engine", "A plane", ...] but the user says that the example output omits confidence, and the answer must include confidence for every element. So in the actual answer, each entity must have a confidence score between 0 and 1.

So for the input "The man was found on the public road.", the entities would be "The man" and "public road". The confidence for "The man" is high, maybe 0.95. For "public road", maybe 0.7, since it's a location but not an active participant. However, in the example, "airport" was included as a participant. So perhaps the road is included here as well.

Alternatively, maybe "public road" is not a participant but just a location. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The road isn't impacted, but the man was found there. So the road is the location where the event happened. But the example included "airport" as a participant. So maybe the answer includes both the man and the road.

Therefore, the final answer would be:

[["The man", 0.95], ["public road", 0.7]]
</think>

[["The man", 0.95], ["public road", 0.7]]