<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to the Guimarães morgue" can be considered as entities, but I need to be careful not to include every noun phrase. 

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "After confirmation of death, the body was taken to the Guimarães morgue, it was already 1 am today." 

Breaking it down, the main event is the body being taken to the morgue. The participants here would be the body, the Guimarães morgue, and possibly the entities involved in the action. However, "confirmation of death" is an event, not a participant. "The body" is a participant as it's being moved. "Guimarães morgue" is a location where the body was taken, so that's a participant. The time "1 am" is a time reference, not a participant. 

Looking at the example output, they included "the body" and "the Guimarães morgue" as entities. Also, "Guimarães" might be considered as a location, but in the example, they included "Guimarães morgue" as a single entity. 

Wait, in the example given by the user, the input was about a plane landing, and the output included entities like "Plane", "engine", "airport", etc. So even parts of phrases that are not full nouns but parts of phrases are included. For instance, "to engine" was included, which seems like a fragment. But maybe the user's example is a bit inconsistent, but I need to follow their format.

In the current input, "the body" is a participant. "Guimarães morgue" is a location. The time "1 am" is not a participant. The phrase "it was already 1 am today" is a time statement, so not a participant. 

So the entities would be "the body" and "Guimarães morgue". But I need to check if "Guimarães" alone is also an entity. However, in the example, "Lisbon" was included as a separate entity. But in this case, "Guimarães morgue" is a specific place, so it's better to take it as a single entity. 

So the output should be a JSON array with ["the body", confidence], ["Guimarães morgue", confidence]. 

Now, for confidence. The body is clearly a participant, so maybe 0.95. The morgue is also a participant, so 0.9. The example had some entries with 0.85, 0.6, etc. So I should assign confidence scores based on certainty. The body is explicitly mentioned, so high confidence. The morgue is also explicitly mentioned. 

I think that's it. Let me make sure there are no other participants. The sentence doesn't mention any other entities like organizations or people. So the final answer should be those two entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["the body", 0.95], ["Guimarães morgue", 0.9]]