<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. So, the input is a sentence about the GNR (which I think is the National Republican Guard in Portugal) closing a restaurant in Paços de Ferreira that had 50 people. The participants to classify are the entities mentioned.

First, I need to go through each entity and assign the correct class from the list: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. The example given earlier had things like "Avião" as Object, "aeroporto" as Facility, etc. So I need to follow that pattern.

Starting with "GNR de Freamunde, Paços de Ferreira". GNR is an organization, right? Like a police or security force. So that's probably "Organization". The location part (Freamunde, Paços de Ferreira) might be part of the name, but since the whole phrase is the name of the organization, it's still Org.

Next, "restaurante". That's a restaurant, which is a facility. So "Facility".

"50 pessoas" – that's a number of people. The class "Person" is for individuals, but here it's a group. Wait, the example had "fonte" as Person and "a mesma fonte" as Person. But "50 pessoas" is a group, not a single person. The classes don't have a "Group" category, so maybe "Other"? Or maybe "Person" because it's referring to people. Hmm, the example had "50 pessoas" as "Other" in the output? Wait, no, in the example given, the user provided an output where "50 pessoas" wasn't present. Let me check the example again. The example input had "50 pessoas" in the participants? No, the example input was about an airplane and a motor. The participants in the example included things like "fonte" as Person. So maybe "50 pessoas" would be "Other" because it's a quantity of people, not a specific person or organization. But the class "Person" is for individuals, so a group might be "Other". Alternatively, maybe "Object" if it's considered a collective noun. But I'm not sure. Let me think again. The class "Object" is for things like "avião", "motor", "aeronave", etc. So "50 pessoas" is a group of people, which isn't an object. So maybe "Other" is the right class here.

Then "Paços de Ferreira" – that's a city, so a location. The class "Location" would be appropriate. In the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is a sub-type of Location. But the classes here are more general: Location, so "Paços de Ferreira" is a Location.

So putting it all together:

- "GNR de Freamunde, Paços de Ferreira" → Organization
- "restaurante" → Facility
- "50 pessoas" → Other
- "Paços de Ferreira" → Location

I need to make sure there's no mistake. Let me double-check. The GNR is definitely an organization. The restaurant is a facility. The number of people is a count, not a person or object, so Other. The city is a location. That seems right.
</think>

[["GNR de Freamunde, Paços de Ferreira", "Org"], ["restaurante", "Fac"], ["50 pessoas", "Other"], ["Paços de Ferreira", "Loc"]]