<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input text: "No âmbito de uma investigação por maus-tratos a animais de companhia, os militares deram cumprimento a um mandado de busca domiciliária onde se depararam com um cenário de sobrepopulação de cães, sem condições de higiene, onde era visível a falta de trato dos animais”, lê-se na nota."

Breaking it down, the main event is an investigation into animal cruelty. The participants would be the entities involved in this situation. Let's list them out:

1. "os militares" – They are the ones carrying out the search warrant. Definitely a participant.
2. "mandado de busca domiciliária" – This is a legal document, so it's an entity involved in the process.
3. "cães" – The animals affected by the situation, so they are participants as victims.
4. "animais de companhia" – This is a category of animals, but since the cães are specifically mentioned, maybe this is redundant. However, the term is used in the context of the investigation, so it might be considered a participant.
5. "a falta de trato dos animais" – This is a condition or issue, not an entity. Probably not a participant.
6. "investigação por maus-tratos a animais de companhia" – The investigation itself is an event, not an entity. So maybe not a participant.
7. "nota" – The note from which the text is taken. Could be a participant if it's an entity, but it's more of a source. Not sure.
8. "a investigação" – Again, the investigation is an event, not an entity. So not a participant.

Wait, the example output included things like "o motor" and "a aeronave" even though they are objects. So maybe inanimate objects that are central to the event are considered participants. In this case, the cães (dogs) are definitely participants as victims. The "mandado de busca domiciliária" is a legal document involved, so that's a participant. The "militares" are the actors. The "animais de companhia" is a category, but since the cães are specific, maybe "cães" is sufficient. The "falta de trato" is a condition, not an entity. The "nota" is the source, but the user's example didn't include the source, so maybe not. 

So the participants would be: "os militares", "mandado de busca domiciliária", "cães", "animais de companhia", and maybe "investigação por maus-tratos a animais de companhia" as the event's context. Wait, the example included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants, even though they are objects. So in this case, the "cães" and "animais de companhia" are participants. The "mandado de busca domiciliária" is a document, so that's a participant. The "militares" are the actors. The "investigação" might be considered as part of the event, but the example didn't include events, only entities. So maybe not. 

Confidence scores: "os militares" is definitely there, confidence 1. "mandado de busca domiciliária" is a legal entity, confidence 0.9. "cães" are the victims, confidence 1. "animais de companhia" is a category, but the text uses "animais de companhia" in the context of the investigation, so maybe 0.8. "investigação" might be considered, but the example didn't include events, so maybe not. "nota" is the source, but the example didn't include sources, so probably not. 

So the final list would be: ["os militares", 1.0], ["mandado de busca domiciliária", 0.9], ["cães", 1.0], ["animais de companhia", 0.8]. Let me check again. The example included "a aeronave" and "o motor" as participants. So in this case, the cães are the animals involved, so they are participants. The "mandado de busca" is a document involved in the process, so that's a participant. The "militares" are the actors. The "investigação" is an event, not an entity. The "nota" is the source, but the example didn't include that. So I think that's it.
</think>

[["os militares", 1.0], ["mandado de busca domiciliária", 0.9], ["cães", 1.0], ["animais de companhia", 0.8]]