<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and they might be mentioned explicitly or inferred.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "A fonte acrescenta que no seguimento das diligências policiais, “foram resgatados 25 cães, todos sem identificação eletrónica, sem registo e sem vacinação antirrábica”."

Breaking this down, the main elements here are "fonte" (source), "diligências policiais" (police investigations), "25 cães" (25 dogs), and possibly "registo" (registration) and "vacinação antirrábica" (rabies vaccination) as processes, but those might not be participants. 

The "fonte" is mentioned, so that's a participant. Then "diligências policiais" refers to police actions, so the police would be the participants here. The "25 cães" are the subjects being rescued, so they are participants. The "registo" and "vacinação" are actions or states, not entities, so they might not count. 

Wait, the example output included things like "a aeronave" and "o motor" as participants. So even if something is a noun phrase, even if it's a thing like a plane or a motor, they are considered participants. So in this case, "25 cães" would be participants. Also, "fonte" is a participant, but in the example, they had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. Here, the text says "A fonte" and "no seguimento das diligências policiais". The police would be the ones conducting the investigations, so "polícia" or "diligências policiais" might be considered as participants. 

But the exact wording is "diligências policiais" which is "police investigations", so the participants here would be the police. However, the text doesn't explicitly name the police, just refers to their actions. But according to the definition, participants can be inferred from context. So "polícia" would be a participant here. 

So the entities would be:

- "fonte" (the source)
- "diligências policiais" (police investigations, implying the police)
- "25 cães" (the dogs)

But wait, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. In this case, the text only mentions "A fonte" once, so maybe just "fonte" once. 

Also, "foram resgatados" – the action is done by the police, so the police are the ones who rescued the dogs. But the text doesn't explicitly say "a polícia resgatou", it just says "foram resgatados" in the context of police investigations. So the police are the participants here. 

So the participants would be:

- "fonte" (the source)
- "polícia" (inferred from "diligências policiais")
- "25 cães" (the dogs)

But the exact wording is "diligências policiais", which is a noun phrase. However, the definition says participants can be inferred. So "polícia" is the entity here. 

But maybe "diligências policiais" is considered a participant as a process, but the example didn't include processes. The example included things like "a aeronave", "o motor", etc., which are entities. So "diligências policiais" might not be an entity but an action. Therefore, the main participants are "fonte", "polícia", and "25 cães".

But the text doesn't explicitly mention "polícia", only "diligências policiais". So perhaps "diligências policiais" is the entity here, but that's a process. Alternatively, the police are the ones conducting the investigations, so "polícia" is the participant. However, the text doesn't name the police explicitly. So maybe "diligências policiais" is the participant, but that's a bit unclear. 

Alternatively, since the police are the ones performing the actions (investigations and rescue), they are the participants. But the text doesn't name them, so maybe "diligências policiais" is the entity. However, in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was included as a participant. So if the text refers to "diligências policiais", the police would be the participants. But since the police aren't explicitly named here, maybe "diligências policiais" is the entity. 

This is a bit tricky. The example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. In the current input, "fonte" is mentioned once. So I'll include "fonte" as a participant. Then, the police are implied through "diligências policiais", so "polícia" might be the participant. However, the text doesn't explicitly name the police, so the confidence might be lower. 

Alternatively, "diligências policiais" is a process, not an entity. So the participants are "fonte" and "25 cães". But the police are the ones acting, so they should be included. 

Hmm. Given the example, even if the entity is a process, like "diligências policiais", but in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was included. So maybe in this case, "polícia" is the participant. But the text doesn't name them, so the confidence would be lower. 

Alternatively, since the text says "no seguimento das diligências policiais", the police are the ones conducting the investigations, so "polícia" is the participant. 

So the final list would be:

- "fonte" (confidence 0.8)
- "polícia" (confidence 0.7)
- "25 cães" (confidence 0.9)

But I need to check if "diligências policiais" is considered a participant. The example included "diligências" as part of the police's actions, but the actual entity was the police. So I think "polícia" is the correct participant here. 

Therefore, the JSON output should be:

[
  ["fonte", 0.8],
  ["polícia", 0.7],
  ["25 cães", 0.9]
]
</think>

[["fonte", 0.8], ["polícia", 0.7], ["25 cães", 0.9]]