<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them with confidence scores. The example given shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "O homem foi constituído arguido e os factos foram remetidos ao Tribunal Judicial de Seia." 

Breaking this down, the main event here is a man being charged as an accused (constituído arguido) and the facts being sent to the Judicial Court of Seia. 

Participants would be the entities involved in these actions. Let's list them out:

1. "O homem" – This is the individual who was charged. He's a participant as the accused.
2. "os factos" – The facts being sent to the court. However, "factos" is a general term here, not a specific entity. Maybe it's not a participant but part of the event. The example in the task included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants, even though they are objects. So perhaps "os factos" should be considered here, but I need to check if it's a participant or just part of the event.
3. "Tribunal Judicial de Seia" – This is the court that received the facts. Definitely a participant as the recipient of the action.

Now, considering the example output, they included entities even if they were repeated, like "Avião" and "O avião" as separate entries. So in this case, "O homem" and "os factos" might be separate entries. However, "os factos" is a bit abstract. The user's definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. The facts are being sent, so maybe they are a participant. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "os factos" is just part of the event and not a participant. 

Looking at the example again, they included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants even though they are objects. So perhaps "os factos" should be included here. However, "factos" is a plural noun, so maybe "os factos" is the entity. 

Then, "Tribunal Judicial de Seia" is clearly a participant. 

Also, the verb "foi constituído arguido" – the subject is "O homem", so he's the one being charged. 

So the participants would be:

- "O homem" (confidence high, maybe 0.9)
- "os factos" (maybe 0.7, as it's a bit abstract)
- "Tribunal Judicial de Seia" (high confidence, 0.95)

Wait, but in the example, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So if the same entity is mentioned in different ways, they are listed separately. In this case, "O homem" and "os factos" are different entities. 

But I need to make sure that "os factos" is considered a participant. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The facts are being sent to the court, so they are part of the event. However, "factos" is a general term, not a specific entity. Maybe it's not a participant. Alternatively, maybe the court is the only participant here. 

Alternatively, maybe "O homem" is the accused, and the court is the recipient. The facts are the subject of the action, but not a participant. Hmm. 

This is a bit tricky. Let me think again. The example included "a aeronave" and "o motor" as participants. So even if they are objects, they are included. So in this case, "os factos" might be considered a participant. 

So the final list would be:

["O homem", 0.9], ["os factos", 0.7], ["Tribunal Judicial de Seia", 0.95]

But I need to check if "os factos" is a participant. The definition says participants are entities involved in or impacted by the event. The facts are being sent to the court, so they are part of the event. However, they are not an entity but the subject of the action. Maybe "os factos" is not a participant but the event itself. 

Alternatively, maybe the court is the only participant. But the man is also involved. 

So the main participants are "O homem" and "Tribunal Judicial de Seia". 

I think "os factos" might not be a participant but part of the event. So the correct answer would be:

["O homem", 0.9], ["Tribunal Judicial de Seia", 0.95]

But I'm not 100% sure. The example included "os factos" in a similar way. Wait, in the example input, "os factos" wasn't present. Let me check the example again. The example input was about an emergency landing, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc. So in that case, objects involved in the event were included. 

In this case, "os factos" are the facts that were sent to the court. So they are part of the event. But are they a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The facts are being sent, so they are part of the event. However, they are not an entity but the content of the event. 

This is a bit ambiguous. Maybe the answer should include "O homem" and "Tribunal Judicial de Seia" as participants. 

So the final answer would be those two with high confidence.
</think>

[["O homem", 0.9], ["Tribunal Judicial de Seia", 0.95]]