<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input sentence: "Two men robbed the cash register of a confectionery shop in the municipality of Santa Maria da Feira today and one of the two involved is on the run from the authorities, said an official GNR source."

Breaking it down:

1. "Two men" – These are the individuals who committed the robbery. They are definitely participants. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.
2. "the cash register" – This is an object, not a participant. Probably not included.
3. "a confectionery shop" – The shop is the location where the robbery happened. It's impacted, so maybe a participant? But the definition says entities involved or impacted. However, the shop itself isn't an entity that acts; it's a place. Maybe not. But the example included "airport" as a participant. Wait, in the example, "airport" was included. Hmm. Maybe locations can be considered participants if they are directly involved. But in this case, the shop is the victim. So maybe include it. But the example had "airport" as a participant. Let me check the example again. The example output included "airport", "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", etc. So maybe locations are included. So "confectionery shop" could be a participant. But the example also included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe yes. But I need to be careful. Alternatively, maybe the shop is considered as a participant because it's the victim. So include "a confectionery shop" with confidence 0.8.

4. "municipality of Santa Maria da Feira" – This is a location, part of the context but not an active participant. Maybe not. The example included "Lisbon" as a participant, but that was part of the airport's name. So maybe "municipality of Santa Maria da Feira" is a location, but not a participant. However, the definition says "impacted by an event". The municipality might be impacted, but it's a bit indirect. Maybe not. Alternatively, the municipality is the location, so maybe not a participant. Hmm. This is tricky. The example included "Lisbon" as a participant, but that was part of the airport's name. So maybe in this case, "municipality of Santa Maria da Feira" is a location, but not a participant. So exclude it.

5. "one of the two involved" – This refers back to the two men. So maybe "one of the two involved" is a participant, but it's a reference to the men. However, the example included "the same source" as a participant. So maybe "one of the two involved" is a participant, but it's a bit vague. Alternatively, since it's referring to the men, maybe it's redundant. Maybe better to include "the two involved" as a participant, but the original text says "one of the two involved is on the run". So the two involved are the robbers. So "the two involved" could be a participant. But the original text mentions "two men" and "one of the two involved". So maybe "the two involved" is a participant, but since they are the same as the two men, perhaps it's better to include "two men" and "one of the two involved" as separate entities. However, "one of the two involved" is a description, not a named entity. Maybe not. Alternatively, since it's a reference to the robbers, but not a named entity, perhaps not. This is a bit ambiguous. Maybe better to include "two men" and "one of the two involved" as separate entities with lower confidence. But the example didn't include such references. The example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. So maybe "one of the two involved" is not a named entity and thus not included. So perhaps just "two men" as the participants.

6. "authorities" – The authorities are the ones dealing with the situation. They are involved, so they are participants. Confidence 0.9.

7. "an official GNR source" – This is an organization (GNR is a police force in Portugal) and a source. So "GNR" and "official GNR source" are participants. Confidence 0.95 for "GNR" and 0.9 for "official GNR source".

8. "the cash register" – As mentioned before, this is an object, not a participant. Exclude.

Putting it all together:

- "Two men" – 0.95
- "a confectionery shop" – 0.8
- "authorities" – 0.9
- "GNR" – 0.95
- "official GNR source" – 0.9

Wait, but the example included "source" as a participant. In the example, "source" was included. So in this case, "official GNR source" is a participant. Also, "GNR" as an organization. So maybe "GNR" is a participant. Also, the "authorities" are involved. So that's three participants. The confectionery shop is a victim, so maybe included. The two men are the robbers. So the list would be:

["Two men", 0.95], ["a confectionery shop", 0.8], ["authorities", 0.9], ["GNR", 0.95], ["official GNR source", 0.9]

I need to check if "the two involved" is a participant. The text says "one of the two involved is on the run". But "the two involved" refers to the two men. However, since they are already mentioned as "two men", maybe it's redundant. So perhaps not including "the two involved" as a separate entity. The example included "the same source" as a participant, which is a reference. So maybe "the two involved" is a participant, but since it's a reference, maybe not. Alternatively, since it's a description, not a named entity, maybe not. So better to stick with the explicit mentions.

Another thing: "municipality of Santa Maria da Feira" – the example included "Lisbon" as a participant. But in that case, it was part of the airport's name. Here, the municipality is the location. So maybe include it as a participant? But the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The municipality is the location where the event happened. So maybe it's a participant. But the example didn't include "municipality of Santa Maria da Feira" in the output. Wait, the example input had "Humberto Delgado Airport, in Lisbon" and the output included "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", etc. So locations are included. So in this case, "municipality of Santa Maria da Feira" is a location, so maybe include it. So add that with confidence 0.7.

So updating the list:

["Two men", 0.95], ["a confectionery shop", 0.8], ["authorities", 0.9], ["GNR", 0.95], ["official GNR source", 0.9], ["municipality of Santa Maria da Feira", 0.7]

But I need to check if "municipality of Santa Maria da Feira" is a participant. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The municipality is the location where the event happened, so it's impacted. So yes, include it. But the example included "Lisbon" as a participant. So maybe that's acceptable.

Another possible participant is "cash register", but that's an object, not an entity. So probably not.

So the final list would be the ones I listed above.
</think>

[["Two men", 0.95], ["a confectionery shop", 0.8], ["authorities", 0.9], ["GNR", 0.95], ["official GNR source", 0.9], ["municipality of Santa Maria da Feira", 0.7]]