<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. First, I need to understand what counts as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "The robbery was carried out between 12:00 and 12:30 in a confectionery shop in Milheirós de Poiares, Santa Maria da Feria, district of Aveiro, and those involved acted with their faces covered."

Breaking it down. The main event is a robbery. The participants would be the people who committed the robbery, the confectionery shop, the location details, and maybe the authorities if they're involved, but they aren't mentioned here. 

First, "those involved" refers to the robbers. But they are not named, just described as acting with faces covered. However, the definition says participants can be inferred. So "those involved" is a participant, but since they aren't named, maybe I should consider them as a group. However, the example in the task included entities like "a Public Security Police" and "airline Jota Aviation" even if they were sources. Wait, in the example, "source" was included as an entity. Hmm.

Wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source" with confidence. So maybe any entity that is a participant, even if it's a role like a source, is included. But in the given input, the only explicit participants are the robbers (those involved) and the confectionery shop. The locations like Milheirós de Poiares, Santa Maria da Feria, district of Aveiro are places, so they are entities but are they participants? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The shop is impacted, so it's a participant. The locations are part of the event's context but are they considered participants? Maybe not, unless they are entities. Wait, the example included "airport" and "the airports" as participants. So maybe locations are considered participants if they are part of the event's setting.

So in the input, the confectionery shop is a participant. The locations (Milheirós de Poiares, Santa Maria da Feria, district of Aveiro) are part of the event's location, so they might be considered participants. But the example included "airport" and "the airports" as entities. So maybe the shop is a participant, and the locations are as well. However, the example didn't include the district as a separate entity, but in the input, the district is part of the location. 

Also, "those involved" refers to the robbers. Since they are the ones committing the robbery, they are participants. But they are not named, so maybe "those involved" is the entity. However, in the example, "a Public Security Police" was included as an entity. So maybe even if the participants are not named, the roles or descriptions are considered. But "those involved" is a pronoun referring to the robbers. However, the example included "source" as an entity. So perhaps in this case, "those involved" is the entity, even if it's not a proper noun.

Wait, the example output included "the same source" as an entity. So maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity, even if it's a role or a pronoun, is considered a participant. So in this case, "those involved" would be the entity. But the user's example included "source" as an entity. So maybe "those involved" is the participant here.

But the problem is that the user's example included "the same source" as an entity. So in the input, "those involved" is a participant. However, the user's example also included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So perhaps even if the entity is a role or a group, it's included.

So compiling the possible participants:

1. "those involved" – the robbers, even though they are not named.
2. "confectionery shop" – the place where the robbery happened, so it's impacted.
3. "Milheirós de Poiares" – location, part of the event's context.
4. "Santa Maria da Feria" – another location.
5. "district of Aveiro" – another location.

But in the example, the output included "airport" and "the airports" as entities. So maybe locations are considered participants. However, the example also included "Lisbon" as a participant. So in this case, the locations are participants.

But the user's input mentions the confectionery shop in Milheirós de Poiares, Santa Maria da Feria, district of Aveiro. So the confectionery shop is the entity, and the locations are part of the description. But are the locations considered participants? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The shop is impacted, the locations are where the event happened, but the locations themselves are not impacted, unless the event affected them. But the event is a robbery at the shop, so the shop is the participant. The locations are just the place, not participants. However, in the example, "airport" was included as a participant. So maybe the locations are considered participants.

Alternatively, maybe the example included "airport" because it's a specific entity. In the input, the confectionery shop is a specific entity, so it's included. The locations are part of the address but not entities in themselves. But the example included "Lisbon" as a participant. So maybe the locations are considered participants.

This is a bit ambiguous. Let me check the example again. The example input had "Humberto Delgado Airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So the airport and the city are included. So in the current input, the confectionery shop is a participant, and the locations (Milheirós de Poiares, Santa Maria da Feria, district of Aveiro) are also participants. But the example included "Lisbon" as a participant, even though it's a city. So perhaps all locations mentioned are considered participants.

Additionally, "those involved" is the group of robbers, so that's a participant. The confectionery shop is the victim, so it's a participant. The locations are part of the event's setting, so they might be included as participants.

So the entities would be:

- "those involved" (robbers)
- "confectionery shop"
- "Milheirós de Poiares"
- "Santa Maria da Feria"
- "district of Aveiro"

But the example included "airport" and "the airports" as separate entities. So in this case, the confectionery shop is one entity, and the locations are separate. However, the user's input has "Milheirós de Poiares, Santa Maria da Feria, district of Aveiro" as the location. So maybe each part is a separate entity.

But the example included "Lisbon" as a participant. So in the current input, the locations are all participants. So the list would be:

["those involved", "confectionery shop", "Milheirós de Poiares", "Santa Maria da Feria", "district of Aveiro"]

But wait, the example included "the airports" as an entity. So in the current input, "the airports" would be a participant if it were mentioned. But here, it's "a confectionery shop" and the locations. So the confectionery shop is a participant, and the locations are participants as well.

Now, confidence levels. "those involved" is definitely a participant, but since they are not named, maybe lower confidence. The confectionery shop is explicitly mentioned. The locations are part of the address, so they are participants. But maybe the district is part of the location, so it's included.

So the JSON array would be:

[
  ["those involved", 0.9],
  ["confectionery shop", 0.95],
  ["Milheirós de Poiares", 0.8],
  ["Santa Maria da Feria", 0.8],
  ["district of Aveiro", 0.8]
]

But wait, the example included "source" as an entity. In the current input, there's no mention of a source, so that's not applicable here. The example also included "the same source" as an entity. But in this input, there's no such mention.

So the final answer should be a list of these entities with confidence scores.
</think>

[["those involved", 0.8], ["confectionery shop", 0.95], ["Milheirós de Poiares", 0.7], ["Santa Maria da Feria", 0.7], ["district of Aveiro", 0.7]]