<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "They took the cash register with an amount of money that has not yet been determined, according to the source." The participants to classify are "They", "cash register", "amount of money", and "source".

First, I need to recall the classes. Let's go through each one.

"They" – this is a pronoun referring to people. Since the class 'Per' includes human individuals or characters, "They" should be 'Per'. Confidence is high here, maybe 0.95.

"cash register" – this is a tangible, manmade object. The 'Obj' class includes such items. So that's 'Obj' with confidence around 0.9.

"amount of money" – this is a bit tricky. Money is a concept, not a physical object. But the class 'Obj' is for tangible, manmade objects. However, "amount of money" is abstract. Wait, looking back at the 'Other' class definition: entities that don't fit other categories. The example given was "um cheiro a queimado" (a burnt smell), which is a sensory experience. But "amount of money" is a quantity, not a physical object. However, in the example, "a stopped engine" was classified as 'Obj', which is a tangible object. But "amount of money" is not a physical object. Maybe it's considered 'Other'? Wait, the 'Other' class includes things that don't fit into the other categories. Alternatively, maybe 'amount of money' is considered an 'Obj' if it's a physical amount, like cash. But the sentence says "amount of money that has not yet been determined", which might be abstract. Hmm. I think this might be 'Other' with lower confidence, maybe 0.6. But I need to check the definitions again. The 'Obj' is for tangible, manmade objects. If the money is in cash, then it's an object. But the phrase is "amount of money", which could be abstract. Maybe the answer is 'Other' here. Alternatively, if the cash register is the object, and the money inside is part of it, but the sentence says "with an amount of money", which is separate. I'm a bit confused here. Maybe 'Other' is safer.

"source" – this refers to the person or organization providing information. The class 'Per' is for human individuals or divine entities. But "source" could be an organization. Wait, in the example given, "a Public Security Police" was classified as 'Org'. So if "source" here is an organization, then it's 'Org'. But the sentence says "according to the source", which might be a person or an organization. However, without more context, it's ambiguous. But in the example provided in the task, "source" was classified as 'Per' in the example output. Wait, looking back at the example given in the task: the input had "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." and the output had "source" as 'Per' and "the same source" as 'Per'. So in that case, "source" was considered a person. However, in the current input, "source" might be an organization. But since the example classified "source" as 'Per', maybe here it's also 'Per'. Alternatively, if the source is an organization, then 'Org'. But without more context, it's safer to go with 'Per' as in the example. But the example had "source" as 'Per' when it was a person. Here, if the source is an organization, then 'Org'. But the input doesn't specify. Hmm. Maybe the answer is 'Per' with 0.8 confidence, assuming it's a person. Alternatively, if the source is an organization, then 'Org'. But the example had "source" as 'Per', so maybe that's the case here. I'll go with 'Per' for "source" with 0.8 confidence.
</think>

<Output>[["They", "Per", 0.95], ["cash register", "Obj", 0.9], ["amount of money", "Other", 0.6], ["source", "Per", 0.8]]</Output>