<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "One of the robbers was still detained in Milheirós de Poiares and the other was still being sought at around 2:30 pm."

First, I need to identify all entities here. Let's break it down.

"robbers" – plural, so that's a group. But the sentence mentions "one of the robbers" and "the other", so each robber is an individual. However, since they are referred to collectively as "robbers", maybe the group is also a participant. But the example given in the task included "Plane", "A plane", etc., so maybe each instance is considered separately. Wait, the example had "Plane" and "A plane" as separate entries. So maybe even if they refer to the same thing, each mention is considered a separate entity. But in this case, "robbers" is plural, so maybe "robbers" is a group entity. However, the sentence refers to each robber individually. But the example didn't split "Plane" and "the plane" into separate entries. Wait, the example output had "Plane", "A plane", "the aircraft", "The aircraft", "The plane" as separate entries. So even if they refer to the same thing, each mention is considered a separate entity. So in this case, "robbers" (plural) and "one of the robbers" and "the other" might be considered as separate entities. But the user might expect "robbers" as a group and each individual as a participant. However, the example didn't split "the same source" into "source" and "the same source" as separate entries. Wait, in the example, "source" and "the same source" are both included. So maybe each mention is considered a separate entity, even if they refer to the same thing. So in this case, "robbers" is a group, and "one of the robbers" and "the other" are individual participants. But the problem is that the input doesn't name the robbers, just refers to them as "robbers" and "one of the robbers" and "the other". So maybe "robbers" is a participant, and "one of the robbers" and "the other" are also participants. But since they are not named, how confident can I be? The example included "engine" as a participant, even though it's a part of the plane. So maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity involved in the event is considered a participant. 

So in this case, the participants would be:

- "robbers" (the group)
- "one of the robbers" (individual)
- "the other" (individual)
- "Milheirós de Poiares" (location where one is detained)
- "the other" (maybe the same as the individual, but the mention is different)
- "2:30 pm" (time, but is time considered a participant? The example didn't include time, so maybe not. The example included "5:50 pm" as part of the alert time, but in the output, it's not listed. Wait, looking back at the example input, the output included "the same source" and "source", but not the times. So time might not be considered a participant. So "2:30 pm" is probably not a participant. 

So the participants would be:

- "robbers" (group)
- "one of the robbers" (individual)
- "the other" (individual)
- "Milheirós de Poiares" (location)

But the example included "airport" as a participant. So locations are included. So "Milheirós de Poiares" is a location, hence a participant. 

Now, confidence. For "robbers", since they are the main subject, confidence is high, maybe 0.9. "one of the robbers" and "the other" are specific individuals, but since they are not named, confidence might be lower. Maybe 0.7 each. "Milheirós de Poiares" is a specific location, so confidence 0.9. 

But wait, the example included "engine" as a participant. So parts of the plane, like "engine", are considered participants. So in this case, the robbers are the main participants. The locations where they are detained or sought are also participants. 

So the final list would be:

["robbers", 0.9], ["one of the robbers", 0.7], ["the other", 0.7], ["Milheirós de Poiares", 0.9]

But wait, the example output had entries like "a Public Security Police" and "source" as participants. So "source" is considered a participant. In the input, "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So "source" is a participant. 

In the current input, the participants are the robbers, the locations, and maybe the police? Wait, the input doesn't mention any police or authorities. The input is about robbers being detained and sought. So the only participants are the robbers and the location. 

So the answer would be the four entities mentioned above. 

But need to check if "the other" is a participant. Since the other is being sought, they are a participant. So yes. 

So the JSON array would be:

[
  ["robbers", 0.9],
  ["one of the robbers", 0.7],
  ["the other", 0.7],
  ["Milheirós de Poiares", 0.9]
]
</think>

[["robbers", 0.9], ["one of the robbers", 0.7], ["the other", 0.7], ["Milheirós de Poiares", 0.9]]