<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "In the search for the man 'still at large', resources from the territorial device of the GNR and the Intervention Detachment of that police force are involved."

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main event is a search for a man. The participants would be the entities involved in this search. 

The text mentions "resources from the territorial device of the GNR" and "the Intervention Detachment of that police force". Here, GNR is a police force in Portugal, so that's an organization. The Intervention Detachment is a unit within GNR. The "territorial device" might refer to a specific department or unit of GNR. 

The man "still at large" is the target of the search, so he's a participant as the subject. However, the user's example included "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities, which are parts of the event. But in this case, the man is the person being searched for, so he's a participant. However, the text doesn't mention his name, just "the man". Should "the man" be considered an entity? The example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity, so maybe even if it's a title or a role, it's included. 

Wait, the example output included "Plane", "A plane", "the aircraft", etc., which are all mentions of the plane. So in this case, "the man" is a participant, even if not named. But the example didn't include "the man" in their output. Wait, looking back at the example input and output:

In the example input, the output included "Plane", "A plane", "the aircraft", etc. So they included all mentions of the plane. Similarly, the man in the current input is "the man", so that should be included. But the example output didn't include "the man" in their case? Wait, the example input was about a plane, and the output included "Plane", "A plane", "the aircraft", etc. So the same logic applies here: "the man" is a participant, so it should be included.

Then, the GNR (Guarda Nacional Republicana) is a police force, so that's an organization. The Intervention Detachment is a unit within GNR. The "territorial device" might be another unit or department. Also, "that police force" refers back to GNR, so that's a reference to the same entity. 

So the entities would be:

- "the man" (the target of the search)
- "GNR" (organization)
- "the territorial device of the GNR" (a unit within GNR)
- "the Intervention Detachment of that police force" (another unit, same as GNR)
- "that police force" (referring to GNR again)
- "resources" (but resources are part of the units, maybe not a separate entity)
- "the search" (the event itself, but the definition says participants are entities involved, not the event itself)

Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The search is the event, not a participant. So the participants are the entities involved in the search. So the GNR units, the man, and possibly the police force itself.

Also, "resources from the territorial device of the GNR" – the resources are part of the territorial device, so maybe the territorial device is the entity. The example included "the airports" as an entity, so in this case, "the territorial device of the GNR" and "the Intervention Detachment of that police force" are entities. Also, "that police force" refers to GNR, so that's another mention of GNR.

Confidence levels: "the man" is mentioned, so confidence is high. GNR is a known organization, so high. The units are specific parts of GNR, so medium confidence. "that police force" is a reference to GNR, so high. 

So the output would be:

[
  ["the man", 0.9],
  ["GNR", 0.95],
  ["the territorial device of the GNR", 0.8],
  ["the Intervention Detachment of that police force", 0.8],
  ["that police force", 0.9]
]

I need to check if "resources" is an entity. The example included "resources" as part of the airport? No, in the example, "resources" wasn't mentioned. Wait, the example input didn't have "resources", so maybe in this case, "resources" is not an entity but part of the description of the units. So I think the entities are the units and the man.
</think>

[["the man", 0.9], ["GNR", 0.95], ["the territorial device of the GNR", 0.8], ["the Intervention Detachment of that police force", 0.8], ["that police force", 0.9]]