<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "Edifício da Luanda Medical Center, hotel e projeto imobiliário devolvidos ao Estado". The participants to classify are ["Edifício da Luanda Medical Center", "hotel", "projeto imobiliário", "Estado"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had entries like "Aeroporto" classified as Facility, "Lisboa" as a capital (Pl_capital), etc. Wait, but the classes here are more general. Let me check the original classes again. The user mentioned classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So, "Pl_capital" in the example might be part of the Location class, but maybe the user expects more specific subcategories? Wait, no, the example output used "Pl_capital" as a class, but the original classes listed by the user are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Hmm, maybe the example had some specific subcategories, but the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Wait, the user's example output included classes like "Pl_capital", which might be a mistake. Wait, looking back:

In the example, the output had entries like ["Lisboa", "Pl_capital"], but the user's classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps "Pl_capital" is a typo or a specific subclass under Location. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Wait, maybe the example was incorrect, but the user's actual classes are the ones listed. Let me recheck the user's message.

The user's classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Pl_capital" might be an error, but perhaps in the example, they used more specific subcategories. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, I need to classify each entity into one of those seven classes.

Now, back to the current input. Let's go through each participant:

1. "Edifício da Luanda Medical Center": This is a building. "Edifício" translates to "building," which would be a Facility. However, "Luanda Medical Center" might be an organization. Wait, but the entire phrase is "Edifício da Luanda Medical Center" – the building of the Luanda Medical Center. So the building itself is the object here. So "Edifício" is a Facility. But if "Luanda Medical Center" is an organization, then maybe the building is part of that organization. However, the entity to classify is the entire phrase. Since it's a building, I think Facility is the correct class.

2. "hotel": A hotel is a type of building or facility. So this would be Facility.

3. "projeto imobiliário": This translates to "real estate project." A project is an Object, but maybe more specifically, it's a Facility if it's a construction project. However, "projeto" is a project, which is an Object. Alternatively, if it's a real estate development, maybe it's considered a Facility. But I think "projeto" is more of an Object here.

4. "Estado": This is the government or state, which is an Organization.

Wait, but "Estado" in Portuguese can mean the state (government) or the country. In this context, "devolvidos ao Estado" means "returned to the State," so it refers to the government, which is an Organization.

So the classifications would be:

- "Edifício da Luanda Medical Center" → Facility
- "hotel" → Facility
- "projeto imobiliário" → Object
- "Estado" → Organization

But wait, the example had "Aeroporto" as Facility, so "aeroporto" is Facility. Similarly, "hotel" is a Facility. "Edifício" is a building, so Facility. "Projeto imobiliário" is a real estate project, which is an Object. "Estado" is an Organization.

So the final output would be:

[
  ["Edifício da Luanda Medical Center", "Facility"],
  ["hotel", "Facility"],
  ["projeto imobiliário", "Object"],
  ["Estado", "Organization"]
]
</think>

<Output>[["Edifício da Luanda Medical Center","Facility"],["hotel","Facility"],["projeto imobiliário","Object"],["Estado","Organization"]]</Output>