<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is about several buildings and projects in Luanda, Angola. The participants are various entities mentioned in the text.

Starting with "os hotéis Monalisa Residence" – that's a hotel name, so it's an Organization or maybe an Object. But since it's a specific hotel, maybe it's an Organization. Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. Hotels are usually considered Facilities, right? So maybe "Fac".

Next, "em Talatona" – Talatona is a location, probably a district or area in Luanda. So that's a Location. But the class has "Location" and "Pl_capital" etc. Wait, the example used "Pl_capital" for Lisboa. But in the classes, the user specified classes like "Location", but in the example, they used "Pl_capital" as a subclass. Wait, looking back at the example output, they have "Lisboa" classified as "Pl_capital", which is a specific type of location. But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe "Pl_capital" is part of the Location class? Or perhaps the example had a mistake. Wait, the user's example output has "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", but the classes listed are "Location" as one of the main classes. So maybe the example used more specific subcategories, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the main classes are those. So in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the user's classes, that should be "Location". Wait, but the example output shows "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", which might be a mistake. However, the user's instruction says to follow the classes as given. So perhaps the example was incorrect, but the user wants us to use the main classes. Wait, but the example output includes "Pl_capital" as a class. Hmm, this is confusing. Let me check the user's original message again.

Looking back, the user provided an example where "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but the classes listed are "Location" as one of the main classes. So maybe the user intended for "Pl_capital" to be a subcategory under "Location", but the instruction says to use the main classes. However, in the example, they used "Pl_capital" as a class. Wait, but the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the example might have been using more specific subcategories, but the user is now asking to use the main classes. However, the example output includes "Pl_capital" as a class, which is not in the main classes. This is conflicting. Wait, perhaps the user made a mistake in the example, but the current task requires using the main classes as listed. Therefore, I should use the main classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

So for "em Talatona", Talatona is a location, so "Location".

Next, "o projeto imobiliário Torres Eucaliptos" – that's a real estate project, which is an Organization? Or an Object? Maybe "Object" since it's a specific project. Or "Facility" if it's a building. But the project itself might be an Organization. Hmm. Alternatively, "Object" as a specific entity.

"o edifício Instituto Sapiens" – "edifício" is building, so that's a Facility.

"o edifício Luanda Medical Center (LMC)" – same as above, a building, so Facility.

"situado na Rua Amílcar Cabral" – Rua Amílcar Cabral is a street, so that's a Location.

"no distrito da Ingombota" – Ingombota is a district, so Location.

"todos em Luanda" – Luanda is the capital city, so Location.

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the user's classes, that should be "Location". However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. So maybe the example was incorrect, and the correct class for "Lisboa" is "Location".

So applying that:

"os hotéis Monalisa Residence" – Organization? Or Facility? Since it's a hotel, which is a type of facility. So "Fac".

"em Talatona" – Location.

"o projeto imobiliário Torres Eucaliptos" – Object? Or Organization? Maybe "Object" as it's a specific project.

"o edifício Instituto Sapiens" – Facility.

"o edifício Luanda Medical Center (LMC)" – Facility.

"situado na Rua Amílcar Cabral" – Location.

"no distrito da Ingombota" – Location.

"todos em Luanda" – Location.

But wait, "os hotéis Monalisa Residence" is a hotel, which is a Facility. So "Fac".

"o projeto imobiliário Torres Eucaliptos" – a real estate project, which could be an Object or an Organization. Since it's a specific project, maybe "Object".

"em Talatona" – Location.

"no distrito da Ingombota" – Location.

"todos em Luanda" – Location.

So compiling the list:

["os hotéis Monalisa Residence", "Fac"], ["em Talatona", "Location"], ["o projeto imobiliário Torres Eucaliptos", "Object"], ["o edifício Instituto Sapiens", "Fac"], ["o edifício Luanda Medical Center (LMC)", "Fac"], ["situado na Rua Amílcar Cabral", "Location"], ["no distrito da Ingombota", "Location"], ["todos em Luanda", "Location"].

But wait, the user's example had "aeroporto" as "Fac" and "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as "Fac". So "edifício" is a building, so "Fac".

"projeto imobiliário" is a real estate project, which might be an Object. Alternatively, if it's a company or organization, but the name is "Torres Eucaliptos" as the project name, so maybe "Object".

"Rua Amílcar Cabral" is a street, so "Location".

"distrito da Ingombota" is a district, so "Location".

"Luanda" is a city, so "Location".

So the final classifications should be as above.
</think>

[["os hotéis Monalisa Residence", "Fac"], ["em Talatona", "Location"], ["o projeto imobiliário Torres Eucaliptos", "Object"], ["o edifício Instituto Sapiens", "Fac"], ["o edifício Luanda Medical Center (LMC)", "Fac"], ["situado na Rua Amílcar Cabral", "Location"], ["no distrito da Ingombota", "Location"], ["todos em Luanda", "Location"]]