<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about an apartment and an investigation. The participants to classify are "The apartment", "family gathering", "authorities", and "unlicensed restaurant".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier used "Obj" for objects like plane, engine, aircraft, etc. "Fac" for facilities like airports. "Pl_capital" for cities like Lisbon, "Pl_civil" for places like Farnborough, "Pl_country" for countries, "Org" for organizations, "Per" for people, and "Loc" for locations like websites.

Looking at the first participant: "The apartment". An apartment is a building or a place, so that's a location or a facility. Since it's a specific building, maybe "Fac" (Facility) is appropriate. But sometimes "Location" might be used. Wait, in the example, "airport" was classified as "Fac", so maybe "Fac" here too.

Next, "family gathering". That's an event, not a physical thing. The classes don't have an event category. The closest might be "Other" or maybe "Object" if it's considered an abstract object. But "Object" in the example was for physical items. Hmm. Maybe "Other" is better here.

"Authorities" refers to people in power, like government officials. That would be "Person" (Per) since they are individuals or groups acting as people. But sometimes "Organization" could be considered if it's a group. Wait, in the example, "Public Security Police" was classified as "Org". But "authorities" is more general. However, in the example, "source" was classified as "Per" and "the same source" as "Per". So maybe "authorities" here is a group of people, so "Per" or "Org"? Wait, "authorities" can be an organization, but sometimes it's used as a collective noun for people. The example had "a Public Security Police" as "Org". So maybe "authorities" here is an organization, so "Org"? Or is it "Per"? Hmm, tricky. Maybe "Per" because it's referring to people in authority, but I'm not sure. Need to check the example again. In the example, "source" was "Per", which was a person or a representative. So "authorities" might be "Org" if it's an organization, but if it's people, then "Per". The input says "authorities are investigating", so it's the people or the organization doing the investigating. Maybe "Org" here.

Lastly, "unlicensed restaurant". A restaurant is a facility, but if it's unlicensed, does that change the classification? Probably not. The class is based on the entity type, not its status. So "restaurant" would be "Fac" (Facility). So "unlicensed restaurant" would still be "Fac".

Putting it all together:

- "The apartment" → Facility (Fac)
- "family gathering" → Other (since it's an event, not fitting into the other categories)
- "authorities" → Organization (Org) or Person (Per)? Maybe Org, as it's a group.
- "unlicensed restaurant" → Facility (Fac)

Wait, but in the example, "airline Jota Aviation" was "Org", and "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" was "Org". So "authorities" might be considered an organization. Alternatively, if it's a group of people, maybe "Per". But I think "Org" is more accurate here. Let me check the example again. The example had "source" as "Per", which was a person or a representative. So "authorities" is a collective noun, but in the absence of more context, maybe "Org" is safer.

So the final classifications would be:

[["The apartment", "Fac"], ["family gathering", "Other"], ["authorities", "Org"], ["unlicensed restaurant", "Fac"]]
</think>

[["The apartment", "Fac"], ["family gathering", "Other"], ["authorities", "Org"], ["unlicensed restaurant", "Fac"]]