<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they belong to based on the input text. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let's start with the first one: "Fonte dos Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses". The input mentions this as "Fonte dos Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses disse à Lusa..." So "Fonte" here is likely a person, but the full name includes "Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses", which sounds like an organization. Wait, but the participant is "Fonte dos Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses" as a whole. Hmm, maybe "Fonte" is a person, but the full phrase might be referring to the organization. Wait, the original example had "fonte" classified as "Per" (Person), but here the participant is "Fonte dos Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses", which might be a person from that organization. But maybe "Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses" is the organization, and "Fonte" is a person from it. However, the way it's written, "Fonte dos Bombeiros..." might be a title or role, so perhaps the entire phrase is a person. But I'm not sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per", so maybe here "Fonte dos Bombeiros..." is also a person. But maybe "Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses" is the organization, and "Fonte" is a person. But the participant is the entire phrase, so maybe it's the organization. Wait, the input says "Fonte dos Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses disse à Lusa..." So the source is from the Bombeiros organization. So "Fonte dos Bombeiros..." might be a person from that organization, but the participant is the entire phrase. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. Maybe "Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses" is the organization, and "Fonte dos..." is the person. But the participant is the full name. Alternatively, maybe "Fonte dos Bombeiros..." is a role, so it's a person. I'll go with "Per" for now.

Next, "Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses" – this is the name of the organization, so that's "Org".

"Lusa" is a news agency, so that's "Org".

"Hospital de São João" is a facility, so "Fac".

"a vítima" is a person, so "Per".

Wait, but the example had "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", but here "Hospital de São João" is a specific facility, so "Fac" makes sense. Let me double-check each one again.

"Fonte dos Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses" – the source is a person from the organization, but the full phrase might be the person's title. However, in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per", so maybe here it's also "Per".

"Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses" is clearly an organization, so "Org".

"Lusa" is an organization (news agency), so "Org".

"Hospital de São João" is a facility, so "Fac".

"a vítima" is a person, so "Per".

So the output should be:

[
["Fonte dos Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses", "Per"],
["Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses", "Org"],
["Lusa", "Org"],
["Hospital de São João", "Fac"],
["a vítima", "Per"]
]
</think>

[["Fonte dos Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses", "Per"], ["Bombeiros Voluntários Famalicenses", "Org"], ["Lusa", "Org"], ["Hospital de São João", "Fac"], ["a vítima", "Per"]]