<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they belong to based on the input text. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let me start by reading the input again to understand the context.

The input is: "A GNR deteve um homem de 31 anos por suspeitas da prática do crime de tráfico de droga na cidade de Borba, distrito de Évora, disse hoje à agência Lusa fonte daquela força de segurança."

Participants to classify are:
["A GNR", "um homem de 31 anos", "agência Lusa", "fonte daquela força de segurança", "cidade de Borba", "distrito de Évora"]

Let's go one by one.

1. "A GNR": GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is a Portuguese national police force. So that's an organization. Class: Organization (Org).

2. "um homem de 31 anos": This is a person, a man aged 31. Class: Person (Per).

3. "agência Lusa": Lusa is a news agency, so that's an organization. Class: Organization (Org).

4. "fonte daquela força de segurança": "Fonte" means source, and it's referring to a source from the security force (GNR). Since it's a source, it's likely a person. Class: Person (Per).

5. "cidade de Borba": Borba is a city, so that's a location. Class: Location (Loc).

6. "distrito de Évora": Évora is a district in Portugal. Districts are administrative regions, so that's a location. Class: Location (Loc).

Wait, but in the example given earlier, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital" which is a type of location. However, in the current task, the classes are more general: Location, Facility, etc. So "cidade" and "distrito" would both fall under Location. 

Let me double-check the classes. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "cidade" and "distrito" are locations. 

So the classifications should be:

- A GNR: Org
- um homem de 31 anos: Per
- agência Lusa: Org
- fonte daquela força de segurança: Per
- cidade de Borba: Loc
- distrito de Évora: Loc

I think that's all. Let me make sure there's no other possible classifications. For example, "fonte" could be considered an organization if it's a specific entity, but in this context, it's a source (person) from the security force. So Person is correct. "Distrito" is a location, not a facility. "Cidade" is a location. The others are clear.
</think>

[["A GNR", "Org"], ["um homem de 31 anos", "Per"], ["agência Lusa", "Org"], ["fonte daquela força de segurança", "Per"], ["cidade de Borba", "Loc"], ["distrito de Évora", "Loc"]]