<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they belong to based on the input text. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "a mesma fonte". In the example provided earlier, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person), and "a mesma fonte" would likely be the same. The text mentions "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" in the example, so "fonte" refers to a person. Here, "a mesma fonte" is just referring back to that same person, so it should be "Per".

Next, "o homem". The text says "o homem foi detido por militares..." which translates to "the man was arrested by soldiers...". "O homem" is clearly a person, so "Per".

Then "militares". The term "militares" means soldiers or military personnel. These are people, so "Per" again.

"Destacamento Territorial de Estremoz" – this seems like a military unit or detachment. In the example, "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was classified as "Fac" (Facility). However, "Destacamento Territorial" might be an organization or a military unit. But since it's a specific unit name, maybe it's an Organization. Wait, but in the example, "companhia aérea Jota Aviation" was "Org", and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was also "Org". So if "Destacamento Territorial de Estremoz" is a military detachment, it's likely an Organization. Alternatively, if it's a facility, but I think it's more of an organization. So "Org".

"Tribunal de Vila Viçosa" – this is a court. Courts are facilities, so "Fac". In the example, "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was "Fac", so "Tribunal" would be similar.

Wait, but in the example, "aeroporto" was "Fac", so "Tribunal" is a type of facility. So "Tribunal de Vila Viçosa" would be "Fac".

Let me double-check each one again:

- "a mesma fonte" → Person (Per)
- "o homem" → Person (Per)
- "militares" → Person (Per)
- "Destacamento Territorial de Estremoz" → Organization (Org)
- "Tribunal de Vila Viçosa" → Facility (Fac)

That seems correct. I don't see any other classifications needed here. All entities are covered.
</think>

[["a mesma fonte", "Per"], ["o homem", "Per"], ["militares", "Per"], ["Destacamento Territorial de Estremoz", "Org"], ["Tribunal de Vila Viçosa", "Fac"]]