<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "GNR apreende em Valença mais de sete toneladas de berbigão no valor de 37.400 euros". The participants to classify are "GNR", "Valença", and "berbigão".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "GNR". I know that GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is the national gendarmerie of Portugal. That's a government agency, so it should be an Organization.

Next, "Valença". Valença is a city in Portugal. Since it's a place name, it falls under Location. But wait, the classes have specific categories. The example had "Lisboa" classified as Pl_capital, which is a sub-type of Location. However, in the current task, the classes are more general. The user's example used "Pl_capital" as a class, but in the current problem, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So Valença is a city, which is a Location. So "Valença" should be Location.

Then "berbigão". Berbigão is a type of fish, specifically a species of fish. So that's a natural object, which would be under Nature. But wait, in the example, "aviao" was classified as Object. However, "berbigão" is a living thing, so maybe Nature is more appropriate. Let me check the classes again. The classes include Nature, which is for natural entities like animals, plants, natural phenomena. So "berbigão" as a fish would be Nature.

Wait, but in the example, "aeroporto" was classified as Facility. So Facility is for man-made structures. "Aeroporto" is a facility. So "berbigão" is a natural object, so Nature. 

So the classifications would be:

GNR: Organization

Valença: Location

berbigão: Nature

I need to make sure there are no other possibilities. "GNR" is definitely an organization. Valença is a location. Berbigão is a type of fish, so Nature. That seems correct.
</think>

<Output>[["GNR", "Org"], ["Valença", "Loc"], ["berbigão", "Nat"]]</Output>