<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

First, let's look at the input sentence again: "No total, aquela força policial apreendeu 7.400 quilogramas de cerastoderma edule, também conhecido como berbigão, uma espécie de molusco bivalve de água salgada."

The participants to classify are ["a força policial", "cerastoderma edule", "berbigão"].

Starting with "a força policial". "Força policial" translates to "police force". In the context of the sentence, this is a group of people working within a police organization. However, the class options don't have a "Group" category. The closest would be "Organization" since a police force is an organization. But wait, sometimes "force" can refer to a group of people, which might be considered a "Person" class if it's a collective noun. However, in most classification systems, a police force is considered an organization. So I'll go with "Organization" here.

Next, "cerastoderma edule". This is a scientific name for a species of mollusk. The sentence mentions it's also known as "berbigão". Since it's a species, this would fall under "Nature" as it's a living organism. The class "Nature" includes things like animals, plants, etc. So "cerastoderma edule" should be "Nature".

Then, "berbigão". This is the common name for the same mollusk. Since it's another name for the same species, it should also be classified under "Nature". Even though it's a common name, the entity itself is a type of mollusk, so "Nature" is appropriate here.

Wait, but the user's example had "Lisboa" classified as "Pl_capital", which seems like a subcategory under Location. However, the classes here are more general: Location, Nature, etc. So "berbigão" is a type of mollusk, so "Nature" is correct. 

Double-checking the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. "Força policial" is an organization. "Cerastoderma edule" and "berbigão" are both species, so Nature. 

I think that's all. Let me make sure there's no other possible classifications. "Object" might be for man-made items, but these are living organisms. "Location" is for places, which doesn't fit. "Facility" is for buildings or structures. So yes, Nature is correct for the mollusk names. "Força policial" is an organization. So the final classifications should be:

["a força policial", "Org"], ["cerastoderma edule", "Nature"], ["berbigão", "Nature"]
</think>

[["a força policial", "Org"], ["cerastoderma edule", "Nature"], ["berbigão", "Nature"]]