<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and they might be mentioned explicitly or inferred.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "A Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR apreendeu em Valença, distrito de Viana do Castelo, mais de sete toneladas de berbigão capturado de forma ilegal, com um valor total estimado de 37.400 euros, informou hoje aquela força policial."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the entities involved in the action. The Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR is the one that seized the illegal catch. Then, Valença and Viana do Castelo are locations, but are they participants? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. Locations might be considered as places where the event happened, but maybe not participants. However, the example included "aeroporto" and "os aeroportos" as participants, so maybe locations are included here too.

Next, "berbigão" is the illegal catch, which is a noun, but is it a participant? The example included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants, so maybe objects involved are included. However, "berbigão" is the object being seized, so it's a participant in the sense that it's part of the event. The value of 37,400 euros is a monetary value, but not an entity. The force policial (GNR) is mentioned again as "aquela força policial," which refers back to the Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR. 

So, participants would be:

- "A Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR" (the entity that did the action)
- "Valença" (location where the event happened)
- "distrito de Viana do Castelo" (another location)
- "berbigão" (the object seized)
- "aquela força policial" (referring to the same unit)
- "GNR" (since it's part of the unit's name, maybe as a separate entity)

Wait, the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. In this case, "GNR" is the force policial, so that's a participant. Also, "a Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR" is the full name, and "aquela força policial" refers to it. So both should be included. 

Confidence scores: The main unit is definitely a participant, so high confidence. Valença and Viana do Castelo are locations, but the example included them, so maybe include them. "Berbigão" is the object, but the example included similar objects like "o motor" and "a aeronave," so include it. "aquela força policial" is a reference to the GNR, so that's another mention. "GNR" as an entity might be separate, but the full name is already included. 

Wait, the example had "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "fonte" as participants. So in this case, "GNR" is a separate entity. But the full name is "Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR," so maybe "GNR" is part of that unit's name. However, "GNR" is the name of the force, so it's a participant. But the example didn't include "GNR" as a separate entity, but in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was included. So here, "GNR" is the force, so it's a participant. 

So the list would be:

- "A Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR" (high confidence)
- "Valença" (location)
- "distrito de Viana do Castelo" (location)
- "berbigão" (object)
- "aquela força policial" (referring to the unit)
- "GNR" (the force)
- "a Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR" (same as first, but maybe duplicate)
- "a força policial" (same as "aquela força policial")

Wait, the example had duplicates like "Um avião", "o motor", etc. So maybe even if they are the same entity, each occurrence is listed. So in the input, "A Unidade..." and "aquela força policial" are both mentions of the same entity, but they are different phrases. So they should be separate entries.

But the example output included "o motor" twice, once as "o motor" and again as "um motor". So maybe each occurrence is considered a separate entity even if they refer to the same thing. However, in the example, "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" are both included as separate entries. So I need to list each mention as a separate entity, even if they are the same.

So in this case, "A Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR" and "aquela força policial" are two different mentions of the same entity, so both should be included. Similarly, "distrito de Viana do Castelo" and "Valença" are locations. "GNR" is the force, which is part of the unit's name, but maybe it's a separate entity. However, the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant, so in this case, "GNR" is the force, so it's a participant. 

But wait, the full name is "Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR", so "GNR" is part of that. However, "GNR" is an acronym for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is a Portuguese police force. So "GNR" is a separate entity. So both "A Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR" and "GNR" are participants. 

But the example didn't have such a case. Let me check the example again. In the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was included, but "GNR" is a different entity. So I think "GNR" should be included as a participant here. 

So compiling all the entities:

1. "A Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR" (high confidence)
2. "Valença" (location)
3. "distrito de Viana do Castelo" (location)
4. "berbigão" (object)
5. "aquela força policial" (referring to the unit)
6. "GNR" (the force)
7. "a força policial" (same as "aquela força policial" but maybe a different mention)
8. "a Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR" (same as first mention, but maybe a different form)
9. "distrito de Viana do Castelo" (same as before)
10. "Valença" (same as before)

Wait, but the example included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if the same location is mentioned multiple times, each occurrence is listed. So in this case, "Valença" and "distrito de Viana do Castelo" are mentioned once each. "aquela força policial" is a different mention of the same entity as "A Unidade...". "GNR" is another mention. 

So the final list would be:

["A Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR", 0.95], ["Valença", 0.8], ["distrito de Viana do Castelo", 0.8], ["berbigão", 0.7], ["aquela força policial", 0.9], ["GNR", 0.9], ["a força policial", 0.8], ["a Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR", 0.95], ["distrito de Viana do Castelo", 0.8], ["Valença", 0.8]

But wait, the example output had duplicates like "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if the same entity is mentioned again, it's included again. So in this case, "Valença" and "distrito de Viana do Castelo" are each mentioned once, but if they were mentioned more, they'd be listed again. 

But in the input, "Valença, distrito de Viana do Castelo" is mentioned once. So "Valença" and "distrito de Viana do Castelo" are two separate entries. 

So the final answer should be a JSON array with each entity and confidence. I need to make sure that all mentions are included, even if they are the same entity. Also, check if "berbigão" is a participant. Since it's the object being seized, it's part of the event, so it's a participant. 

Confidence scores: For the unit, high confidence (0.95). Locations have medium confidence (0.8). "berbigão" is 0.7. "aquela força policial" refers to the unit, so high confidence. "GNR" as a separate entity is 0.9. "a força policial" is a bit less certain, maybe 0.8. 

So the final list would be as above.
</think>

[["A Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR", 0.95], ["Valença", 0.8], ["distrito de Viana do Castelo", 0.8], ["berbigão", 0.7], ["aquela força policial", 0.9], ["GNR", 0.9], ["a força policial", 0.8], ["a Unidade de Controlo Costeiro da GNR", 0.95], ["distrito de Viana do Castelo", 0.8], ["Valença", 0.8]]