<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and even objects if they're significant to the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input here is: "No total, aquela força policial apreendeu 7.400 quilogramas de cerastoderma edule, também conhecido como berbigão, uma espécie de molusco bivalve de água salgada."

Breaking it down, the main action is the police force seizing 7,400 kg of cerastoderma edule, which is also known as berbigão, a type of saltwater bivalve mollusk.

Participants would be the entities involved in this action. The main participant here is "a força policial" (the police force). The object seized is "cerastoderma edule" and "berbigão," which are the same thing, just different names. The description "uma espécie de molusco bivalve de água salgada" is a classification, so maybe not a participant but part of the description. 

Wait, the definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. The police are the ones taking action. The cerastoderma edule is the object being seized, so it's involved. The term "berbigão" is another name for it, so that's the same entity. The other terms like "7.400 quilogramas" are quantities, not entities. The rest is descriptive information.

So the participants would be "a força policial," "cerastoderma edule," and "berbigão." But I need to check if "cerastoderma edule" and "berbigão" are considered separate entities here. Since they are synonyms, maybe they should be treated as the same entity. However, in the example given, they listed both "Avião" and "a aeronave" as separate entities, even though they refer to the same thing. So perhaps here, both "cerastoderma edule" and "berbigão" should be listed separately. 

Also, the phrase "aquela força policial" refers to the same entity as "a força policial," so they might be considered the same. But in the example, "Um avião" and "O avião" were both listed, so maybe even if they refer to the same thing, they are considered separate mentions. So I should include each occurrence as a separate entity, even if they are the same thing.

Wait, looking back at the example output, they have "Avião", "o motor", "Um avião", "o motor", etc. So each mention is treated as a separate entity, even if they refer to the same thing. So in this case, "a força policial" and "aquela força policial" would be separate entries. But in the input here, "aquela força policial" is the only mention. Let me check the input again: "aquela força policial apreendeu 7.400 quilogramas de cerastoderma edule, também conhecido como berbigão..." So "aquela força policial" is the only mention. Then, "cerastoderma edule" and "berbigão" are the same entity, but mentioned as synonyms. So I should list both as separate entities. 

So the participants would be:

- "aquela força policial" (the police force)
- "cerastoderma edule"
- "berbigão"

The other parts like "7.400 quilogramas" are quantities, not entities. The description "uma espécie de molusco bivalve de água salgada" is a classification, not a participant. 

Confidence scores: For "aquela força policial," I'm pretty confident, maybe 0.95. For "cerastoderma edule" and "berbigão," since they are synonyms and both are names of the same species, I'd say 0.9 each. But maybe "berbigão" is a common name, so it's a participant as well. 

Wait, but the example included "a aeronave" and "o avião" as separate entities. So even if they are the same, each mention is a separate entry. In this case, "cerastoderma edule" and "berbigão" are both mentioned, so they are separate. 

So the final list would be:

["aquela força policial", 0.95], ["cerastoderma edule", 0.9], ["berbigão", 0.9]

I need to make sure there are no other entities. The text doesn't mention any other organizations, people, or places. The only participants are the police force and the species being seized. So that should be it.
</think>

[["aquela força policial", 0.95], ["cerastoderma edule", 0.9], ["berbigão", 0.9]]