<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they belong to based on the input text. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let me start by reading the input again to understand the context.

The input is: "Os corpos das vítimas foram encontrados por um grupo de trabalhadores agrícolas numa estrada do município de Tangamandapio, informou o Ministério Público local, num comunicado."

Participants to classify:
1. "Os corpos das vítimas"
2. "um grupo de trabalhadores agrícolas"
3. "numa estrada do município de Tangamandapio"
4. "Tangamandapio"
5. "o Ministério Público local"

Starting with the first one: "Os corpos das vítimas". The term "corpos" translates to bodies, which are physical objects. So this should be classified as Object (Obj).

Next, "um grupo de trabalhadores agrícolas". This is a group of agricultural workers. Since they are people, this would be Person (Per). Even though it's a group, the class is still Person.

Third participant: "numa estrada do município de Tangamandapio". This phrase translates to "on a road in the municipality of Tangamandapio". The main part here is "estrada", which is a road. Roads are considered Facilities (Fac), but wait, the entire phrase is a prepositional phrase. However, the main entity here is the road, so it's a Facility. Alternatively, if the entire phrase is considered, maybe the location is Tangamandapio, but the phrase includes the road. But the instruction says to classify each participant as listed. The participant is "numa estrada do município de Tangamandapio", which is a road in the municipality. The road itself is a facility, so Facility (Fac).

Fourth: "Tangamandapio". This is a place name, specifically a municipality. So it's a Location (Loc). But looking at the example given earlier, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital. However, in the classes provided, the options are Location, so maybe the exact subclass isn't needed here. Wait, the example output had "Pl_capital" as a subclass under Location. But the user's instruction says to use the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Tangamandapio" is a Location (Loc).

Fifth: "o Ministério Público local". This is the local Public Prosecutor's Office, which is an organization. So Organization (Org).

Let me double-check each one:

1. "Os corpos das vítimas" – Object (Obj)
2. "um grupo de trabalhadores agrícolas" – Person (Per)
3. "numa estrada do município de Tangamandapio" – Facility (Fac) because it's a road.
4. "Tangamandapio" – Location (Loc)
5. "o Ministério Público local" – Organization (Org)

Wait, but in the example provided earlier, "aeroporto" was classified as Facility (Fac), and "Lisboa" as Pl_capital (which is under Location). So for "Tangamandapio", since it's a municipality, it's a Location. The example had "Lisboa" as Pl_capital, which is a type of Location. So here, "Tangamandapio" is a Location (Loc).

Another check: "numa estrada" – road is a Facility. So that's correct.

I think that's all. Let me make sure there are no other possible classifications. The "numa estrada..." is a prepositional phrase, but the main entity is the road, so Facility. The group of workers is people. The bodies are objects. The municipality is a location. The Ministry is an organization.
</think>

[["Os corpos das vítimas", "Obj"], ["um grupo de trabalhadores agrícolas", "Per"], ["numa estrada do município de Tangamandapio", "Fac"], ["Tangamandapio", "Loc"], ["o Ministério Público local", "Org"]]