<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "According to initial information, the man was cutting the tree and was hit by it," he said."

First, I need to identify all entities here. Let's break it down.

The main sentence is about a man cutting a tree and being hit by it. The participants here would be the man, the tree, and maybe the person who said the quote, but the quote is from "he," which might refer to someone else, but the text doesn't mention who "he" is. However, the instruction says to extract participants based on the text provided. Since "he" is mentioned but not identified, maybe that's not a participant unless we can infer. But the example given in the task includes entities like "source" and "the same source," which are mentioned in the text. So maybe "he" is a participant here, but since it's not named, maybe it's not included. Wait, the example output includes "source" and "the same source" even though they are not named. Wait, in the example input, there's "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So the output includes "a Public Security Police" and "source," "the same source." So even if the source is not named, they are considered as entities. But in the current input, "he said" – "he" is a pronoun. The user might want to include "he" as a participant, but since it's not named, maybe the confidence is lower. However, the example includes "source" as an entity even though it's not a specific name. So perhaps "he" is considered a participant here.

So possible participants:

- "the man" – clearly a participant, the one cutting the tree and being hit.
- "the tree" – the object involved in the event.
- "he" – the person who said the quote, but since it's not named, maybe we can include it with lower confidence.
- "it" – refers to the tree, so maybe "it" is the tree again. But the example includes "the aircraft" and "the plane" as separate entities, so maybe "it" here is the tree. But since "it" is a pronoun, maybe we should include it as "the tree" again. However, the example includes "a stopped engine" and "the aircraft," so maybe pronouns are included as entities if they refer to a specific thing.

Wait, in the example input, "the aircraft" and "the plane" are both included. So even if they refer to the same thing, they are separate entities. So in this case, "the man" and "the tree" are the main participants. "he" is a person, but since it's not named, maybe we can include it as "he" with lower confidence. However, the example output includes "source" and "the same source" as entities. So maybe "he" is considered a participant here. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "source" and "the same source" even though the source is not named. So even if it's a pronoun, they are included. So in this case, "he" would be a participant. But the user might expect that. However, the instruction says participants are individuals, groups, etc. So "he" is an individual, even if not named. But the example includes "source" as an entity. So maybe "he" is included here. However, the example output includes "source" and "the same source," which are both pronouns referring to the same entity. So in this case, "he" is a participant. But the user might not want to include pronouns unless they are explicitly mentioned. Wait, the example includes "a Public Security Police" which is a group, and "source" which is a role. So maybe "he" is a participant here. But since it's a pronoun, maybe the confidence is lower. Alternatively, maybe the user expects that only named entities are considered. But the example includes "source" and "the same source," which are not named. So perhaps pronouns are included as entities. Therefore, in the input, "the man," "the tree," "he," and "it" (which refers to the tree) are participants. However, "it" is a pronoun referring to the tree, so maybe "the tree" is already included. So the entities would be:

- "the man" (confidence high)
- "the tree" (high)
- "he" (medium)
- "it" (but since it's the same as the tree, maybe not needed again)

But the example includes "the aircraft" and "the plane" as separate entities. So maybe "the man" and "the tree" are the main ones. Also, "he" is a participant as the speaker. So the output would be:

["the man", 0.9], ["the tree", 0.9], ["he", 0.7]

But wait, the example output includes "the same source" as an entity. So even if it's a pronoun, it's included. So in this case, "he" is a participant. However, the user might not want to include pronouns unless they are explicitly mentioned. But the example does include "source" and "the same source," which are pronouns. So I think "he" should be included here. Therefore, the answer would be:

[
  ["the man", 0.9],
  ["the tree", 0.9],
  ["he", 0.7]
]

But I need to check if "it" is also a participant. The sentence says "was hit by it," where "it" refers to the tree. So "it" is the tree. But since the tree is already included as "the tree," maybe "it" is redundant. However, in the example, "the aircraft" and "the plane" are both included even though they refer to the same thing. So maybe "it" should be included as well. But the example doesn't have such a case. Alternatively, maybe "it" is not a separate entity but just a pronoun. So perhaps only "the man" and "the tree" are the main participants, and "he" as the speaker. So the final answer would be the three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["the man", 0.9], ["the tree", 0.9], ["he", 0.7]]