<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "The alert was given at 11:50, and the Barcelinhos Volunteer Firefighters and an emergency and resuscitation medical vehicle were mobilized to the scene."

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main event is an alert being given, and then two entities being mobilized. 

The first part mentions "the alert was given at 11:50." The alert itself might be considered an event, but the participants are the ones involved. However, "alert" here is an action, not a participant. The time "11:50" is a time stamp, not a participant. 

Then, "the Barcelinhos Volunteer Firefighters" – that's a group, so definitely a participant. Their role is being mobilized, so they are active in the event. 

Next, "an emergency and resuscitation medical vehicle" – this is a vehicle, but the question is whether it's considered an entity. The definition includes organizations, groups, individuals, or other entities. A vehicle might be considered an entity here, especially since it's being mobilized. However, sometimes vehicles are seen as tools rather than participants. But the example given in the task includes "airport" and "website" as entities, so maybe even objects can be included if they are part of the event. 

Also, "the scene" is mentioned, but that's a location, not an entity. The time and location might not be participants unless they are entities. The example output included "airport" and "Lisbon" as entities, so maybe locations can be included. However, in this case, "the scene" is a bit vague. But since the example included "airport" as a participant, maybe "scene" isn't necessary here. 

So the participants would be "Barcelinhos Volunteer Firefighters" and "emergency and resuscitation medical vehicle." 

Wait, the example output included "a Public Security Police" and "airline Jota Aviation" as entities. So groups and organizations are included. The medical vehicle is a specific entity, even if it's a vehicle. 

Confidence: For "Barcelinhos Volunteer Firefighters," that's a clear group, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. The medical vehicle is a bit more ambiguous, but since the example included "aircraft" and "airport," I think it's safe to include it with maybe 0.8. 

I should also check if "the alert" is a participant. The alert is an event, not an entity. So no. The time "11:50" is not a participant. 

So the final list would be ["Barcelinhos Volunteer Firefighters", "emergency and resuscitation medical vehicle"] with their respective confidence scores.
</think>

[["Barcelinhos Volunteer Firefighters", 0.95], ["emergency and resuscitation medical vehicle", 0.8]]