<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "The accident, according to the GNR, occurred during a reversing maneuver by a small car."

First, I need to identify all entities here. Let's break it down.

"The accident" – the event itself, but is it a participant? The definition includes entities involved or impacted. The accident is the event, so maybe not a participant. But the example given in the task included "Plane" as a participant, so maybe the event is considered a participant? Wait, the example output included "Plane" and "engine" as participants. Hmm, but in the example, the plane is the subject of the event. So maybe the event's subject is considered a participant. But the accident is the event, not an entity involved. So maybe not.

Next, "according to the GNR" – GNR is an organization, so that's a participant. The GNR is the source, so they are an entity involved.

"occurred during a reversing maneuver by a small car." The small car is the entity performing the maneuver. So "a small car" is a participant. Also, "reversing maneuver" is an action, not an entity. So the car is the participant here.

Wait, the example output included "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. But those are parts of the plane. So maybe parts of entities are considered participants if they are mentioned. But in this case, the car is the entity, and the maneuver is an action. So the car is the participant.

So the participants here would be:

- GNR (organization)
- a small car (entity)

But wait, the example included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe locations are also considered participants if they are involved. But in this case, the accident occurred at a location, but the input doesn't mention a specific location. The input only mentions the GNR and the small car.

Wait, the input says "the accident, according to the GNR, occurred during a reversing maneuver by a small car." So the accident is the event, GNR is the source, and the small car is the entity involved in the maneuver. So the participants are GNR and the small car.

But the example output included "source" as a participant. In the example, "source" was mentioned as "a Public Security Police" and "the same source". So in this case, "GNR" is the source, so that's a participant. The small car is the entity involved in the maneuver, so that's a participant. Are there any others?

The word "reversing maneuver" is an action, not an entity. So no. The accident is the event, not a participant. So the answer should be ["GNR", "a small car"].

But wait, the example output included "Plane" as a participant. In that case, the plane was the subject of the event. So here, the small car is the subject of the maneuver, so it's a participant. The GNR is the source, so that's a participant. Are there any other entities?

The input doesn't mention any other entities. So the final list should be GNR and the small car. Now, confidence levels. For GNR, since it's explicitly mentioned as the source, confidence is high, maybe 0.95. For the small car, it's directly mentioned as the one performing the maneuver, so confidence is also high, maybe 0.9. But need to check if "a small car" is the correct entity. The example included "a stopped engine" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe parts or actions are included. But in this case, the car is the whole entity. So yes. So the JSON would be:

[["GNR", 0.95], ["a small car", 0.9]]
</think>

[["GNR", 0.95], ["a small car", 0.9]]