<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Um homem de 50 anos foi detido pela Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR), na quarta-feira, por estar a caçar perto de habitações, anunciou hoje aquela força da autoridade."

Breaking this down, the main event is a man being detained by the GNR. The participants here would be the man, the GNR, and possibly the authority (since "aquela força da autoridade" refers to the GNR). Also, "habitações" (houses) might be considered as locations where the hunting was happening, but the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. Since the man was hunting near houses, maybe the houses are impacted, but I'm not sure if they count as participants. The example included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants, so maybe locations are included.

Looking at the example output, they included "Avião", "o motor", "Um avião", etc. So even repeated mentions are listed. So in this case, "Um homem de 50 anos" is a participant. "Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)" is definitely a participant. "aquela força da autoridade" refers back to GNR, so maybe that's redundant, but the example included "a mesma fonte" as a separate entry. So I should include "aquela força da autoridade" as a separate entity, even if it's the same as GNR.

Also, "na quarta-feira" is a time, not a participant. "por estar a caçar perto de habitações" – the act of hunting, but the participants are the man and the GNR. "habitações" might be included as a location, but the example included "Lisboa" as a participant. So I think "habitações" should be included here as well.

So compiling the list:

- "Um homem de 50 anos" (the man)
- "Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)" (the authority detaining him)
- "aquela força da autoridade" (referring to GNR again)
- "habitações" (the houses near which he was hunting)
- "a quarta-feira" – no, that's a time, not a participant.
- "a autoridade" – but the text says "aquela força da autoridade", which is the GNR. So maybe "a autoridade" is not explicitly mentioned here, but the GNR is the force of the authority. So maybe not including "a autoridade" as a separate entity.

Wait, the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. In this case, "aquela força da autoridade" is the GNR, so maybe "aquela força da autoridade" is a participant, even if it's the same as GNR. The example had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries, so I should include both "Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)" and "aquela força da autoridade" as separate entities.

Also, "por estar a caçar perto de habitações" – the act of hunting, but the participants are the man and the GNR. The houses are the location where the hunting was happening, so maybe they are considered as participants since they are impacted.

So the final list would be:

["Um homem de 50 anos", "Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)", "aquela força da autoridade", "habitações"]

Now assigning confidence scores. The man is clearly mentioned, so 1.0. GNR is explicitly named, 1.0. "aquela força da autoridade" refers to GNR, so maybe 0.9. "habitações" is a location, but the example included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa", so I think it's safe to include with confidence 0.8.

So the JSON array would be:

[["Um homem de 50 anos", 1.0], ["Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)", 1.0], ["aquela força da autoridade", 0.9], ["habitações", 0.8]]
</think>

[["Um homem de 50 anos", 1.0], ["Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)", 1.0], ["aquela força da autoridade", 0.9], ["habitações", 0.8]]