<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred from context.

Looking at the input text: "No seguimento de denúncia, e após diligências de investigação, os militares intercetaram o suspeito a caçar em terrenos próximos de habitações, numa faixa de proteção inferior a 250 metros”, adiantou o comunicado da GNR, que mobilizou o Posto Territorial de Óbidos e o Núcleo de Proteção Ambiental das Caldas da Rainha."

Breaking it down:

1. "os militares" – These are the soldiers involved in the interception. They are active participants.
2. "o suspeito" – The suspect being hunted. Definitely a participant.
3. "o comunicado da GNR" – The GNR (National Republican Guard) is an organization issuing the statement. They are involved.
4. "Posto Territorial de Óbidos" – A specific unit of the GNR, so part of the organization.
5. "Núcleo de Proteção Ambiental das Caldas da Rainha" – Another unit, likely part of the GNR or another environmental protection body. They were mobilized, so participants.

Now, checking for possible other entities. The text mentions "denúncia" (report), but that's an action, not an entity. "diligências de investigação" (investigation efforts) are actions too. "terrenos próximos de habitações" (lands near houses) are locations, but not participants. "faixa de proteção inferior a 250 metros" (protection strip under 250 meters) is a description of the area, not an entity.

Confidence scores: "os militares" and "o suspeito" are explicitly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). The GNR and its units are clearly named organizations, so 0.9. "comunicado da GNR" refers to the GNR's statement, so the GNR itself is the participant. The units are specific, so 0.9 as well. 

Wait, "o comunicado da GNR" – the statement from GNR. But the participant here is the GNR, not the statement itself. So maybe "GNR" is the entity here. The original output example included "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as participants. Similarly, here, the GNR is the organization, so "GNR" should be the entity. But in the input, it's "comunicado da GNR", so the GNR is the organization. So I should extract "GNR" as the entity. But the user's example included "a agência Lusa" as a participant, even though it's a statement from them. So maybe the entity is the organization, not the statement. So "GNR" is the participant here. Similarly, "Posto Territorial de Óbidos" and "Núcleo de Proteção Ambiental das Caldas da Rainha" are specific units under GNR or other organizations. 

So the participants would be:

- "os militares" (confidence 0.95)
- "o suspeito" (0.95)
- "GNR" (0.9)
- "Posto Territorial de Óbidos" (0.9)
- "Núcleo de Proteção Ambiental das Caldas da Rainha" (0.9)

Wait, but in the example, they included "aeroporto" as a participant. So maybe locations are considered participants if they are involved. However, in this case, the locations are "terrenos próximos de habitações" and "faixa de proteção", but those are not entities. The places mentioned are "Óbidos" and "Caldas da Rainha", but they are part of the names of the units. So maybe those are not separate participants. 

Also, "denúncia" is a report, but not an entity. "diligências de investigação" are actions. So the main participants are the military, the suspect, GNR, and the two units. 

I need to make sure not to include any actions or abstract concepts. So the final list would be those five entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["os militares", 0.95], ["o suspeito", 0.95], ["GNR", 0.9], ["Posto Territorial de Óbidos", 0.9], ["Núcleo de Proteção Ambiental das Caldas da Rainha", 0.9]]