<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" or "a stopped engine" are considered, but I need to be careful not to include non-entities.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is: "In a statement, the Faro Territorial Command of the GNR said that, following a complaint reporting the existence of “a party with live music in a drinking establishment”, soldiers from the São de Alportel Territorial Post went to the location to monitor the incident."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the entities involved in the action. Let's list them:

1. "Faro Territorial Command of the GNR" – This is an organization, specifically a command within the GNR (National Republican Guard), so that's a participant.
2. "GNR" – The full name is mentioned, but the acronym is used. However, since the full name is given, maybe "GNR" is redundant. But in the example, they included both "Public Security Police" and "source" as separate entities. Wait, in the example, "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" are separate. So maybe even the acronym is a participant if it's an organization. But the user might expect that if the full name is given, the acronym is considered part of it. Hmm, need to check the example again. In the example input, "a Public Security Police" is listed as an entity, and "source" is another. So maybe even if the acronym is mentioned, it's a separate entity. Wait, in the example, "Public Security Police" is a group, and "source" is a role. So perhaps "GNR" here is the organization, and "Faro Territorial Command of the GNR" is a specific unit. So both might be participants.

3. "soldiers from the São de Alportel Territorial Post" – The soldiers are individuals, but the group they belong to is the São de Alportel Territorial Post. So that's an entity. Also, the soldiers themselves are participants, but the example might not include individual people unless they are named. Wait, in the example, "the aircraft" and "the plane" are included as entities. So maybe even collective nouns like "soldiers" are considered participants. However, the example includes "the aircraft" and "the plane" as separate entities. But in this case, the soldiers are part of the São de Alportel Territorial Post. So perhaps the entity is "soldiers" and "São de Alportel Territorial Post". Wait, but the example includes "the same source" as an entity. So maybe "soldiers" is an entity here, but the example might not include "soldiers" as a participant unless they are acting as a group. Alternatively, the group they belong to is the main entity.

4. "drinking establishment" – This is a location where the event happened. The example includes "airport" and "the airports" as entities. So "drinking establishment" might be considered a participant as the location involved.

5. "location" – The example includes "location" as an entity? Wait, in the example input, "the airports" are included. But in the output, "the airports" is listed. However, in the given input, the location is mentioned as "the location", which is a bit vague. But maybe "location" is considered an entity here. However, the example includes "airport" as an entity, so maybe "location" is too generic. Alternatively, if the location is a specific place, but here it's just "the location", which is not specific. So maybe "location" is not a participant. Hmm, tricky.

6. "complaint" – The example includes "engine" as an entity. But "complaint" is an action or event, not a participant. So maybe not.

7. "party with live music" – This is the event that was reported. But the participants are the entities involved. So the party itself might not be a participant unless it's a group. But the example includes "a stopped engine" as an entity. So maybe "party with live music" is considered an entity here. However, in the example, "a stopped engine" is included, which is a state, not an entity. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. So maybe the party is an event, not an entity. Hmm, this is confusing.

Wait, the example includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities. So even if it's a state or a part of the event, they are considered. So in this case, "party with live music" might be considered as an entity, but maybe not. Alternatively, the participants are the groups or people involved. The complaint is from someone, but the example doesn't include the complainant. Wait, in the example input, the source is "a Public Security Police" and "the same source", which are participants. So in this case, the complainant isn't mentioned, so maybe not included. But the soldiers are the ones acting, so they are participants.

So, putting it all together:

- "Faro Territorial Command of the GNR" – high confidence.
- "GNR" – maybe, but since the full name is given, perhaps it's redundant. However, in the example, "Public Security Police" is included, and "source" is another. So maybe "GNR" is a separate entity. But the example doesn't have acronyms. Hmm, the example includes "Lusa." as an entity, which is a news agency. So maybe "GNR" is acceptable here.

- "São de Alportel Territorial Post" – the group the soldiers belong to.

- "soldiers" – but the example includes "the aircraft" and "the plane" as entities, so maybe "soldiers" is an entity here.

- "drinking establishment" – as a location involved.

- "location" – but this is too vague, so maybe not.

- "complaint" – not an entity.

- "party with live music" – maybe not, as it's the event, not an entity.

So the possible entities are:

["Faro Territorial Command of the GNR", "GNR", "São de Alportel Territorial Post", "soldiers", "drinking establishment"]

But need to check confidence. For "Faro Territorial Command of the GNR", confidence is high. "GNR" might be a separate entity, but maybe it's part of the full name. The example includes "Public Security Police" as an entity, so perhaps "GNR" is also an entity. However, the example includes "source" as an entity, which is a role. So maybe "GNR" is an organization, so it's a participant.

Confidence for each:

- "Faro Territorial Command of the GNR": 0.95
- "GNR": 0.8
- "São de Alportel Territorial Post": 0.9
- "soldiers": 0.7 (since they are acting, but the example includes "the aircraft" as an entity)
- "drinking establishment": 0.8

Wait, but in the example, "the airports" is included. So "drinking establishment" is a location, so it's a participant. So that's acceptable.

But the example also includes "Lisbon" as an entity. So "drinking establishment" is a specific place, so it's a participant.

So the final list would be:

[
  ["Faro Territorial Command of the GNR", 0.95],
  ["GNR", 0.8],
  ["São de Alportel Territorial Post", 0.9],
  ["soldiers", 0.7],
  ["drinking establishment", 0.8]
]

But wait, the example includes "the same source" as an entity. In the input, the source is "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So "source" is an entity. But in our case, the source isn't mentioned, so maybe not. However, the example includes "source" as an entity. But in the current input, the source is the Faro Territorial Command of the GNR. So maybe "Faro Territorial Command of the GNR" is the source, but the example includes "source" as an entity. However, in the example, "source" is listed as an entity. But in our case, the source is the command, so maybe "source" isn't needed here. Hmm, this is confusing.

Alternatively, maybe "source" is not an entity here because it's not explicitly mentioned. The example includes "source" as an entity even though it's not a name, but in the input, the source is the command. So maybe "source" is not needed here. Therefore, the entities are the ones I listed before.

Another thing: the example includes "the same source" as an entity. In the input, "the same source" refers back to the Public Security Police source. So in our case, the source is the Faro Territorial Command of the GNR. But the input doesn't mention "source" as a separate entity, so maybe we don't include it. So the entities are the ones I listed earlier.

I think that's the best I can do. Now, I'll structure the JSON array accordingly.
</think>

[["Faro Territorial Command of the GNR", 0.95], ["GNR", 0.8], ["São de Alportel Territorial Post", 0.9], ["soldiers", 0.7], ["drinking establishment", 0.8]]