<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "The military demobilized people to 'compliance with the rules relating to the covid-19 pandemic'." 

Breaking it down, the main action is "demobilized people" by "the military." So the military is definitely a participant here as the actor. Then, the people who were demobilized are the patients or victims. 

Next, the reason given is compliance with the rules related to the pandemic. "Covid-19 pandemic" is an event, but is it a participant? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The pandemic itself is an event, not an entity, so maybe not. However, the rules relating to the pandemic might be part of the context, but they are not an entity. 

Looking at the example provided earlier, they included things like "engine," "airport," "source," etc. So maybe even parts of the sentence that are not full entities but are key terms. Wait, the example included "to engine" and "a stopped engine," which are phrases. But in the current input, "compliance with the rules relating to the covid-19 pandemic" is a reason, but "covid-19 pandemic" is a noun phrase. Should that be included as a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The pandemic is an event, but not an entity. However, the example included "covid-19 pandemic" in the output? Wait, looking back at the example input and output, the example input was about a plane landing, and the output included "engine," "airport," etc., but not the pandemic. Wait, no, the example input didn't mention the pandemic. Let me check again.

In the example given, the output included entities like "Plane," "engine," "airport," "source," "airline," etc. So the key is to extract entities that are participants. In the current input, the military is the actor, the people are the ones affected, and the pandemic is the reason. But the pandemic is an event, not an entity. However, the rules relating to the pandemic might be part of the context, but they are not an entity. 

Wait, the user's example output included "covid-19 pandemic" in the input? No, the example input was about a plane landing. The user's example input didn't mention the pandemic. So in this case, the participants would be "the military," "people," and maybe "covid-19 pandemic" as the reason. But according to the definition, participants are those involved or impacted. The pandemic is an event, not an entity. However, the rules are part of the context. 

Alternatively, "compliance with the rules relating to the covid-19 pandemic" is the reason, but the actual participants are the military and the people. The pandemic itself is not an entity. So maybe the participants are "the military," "people," and "covid-19 pandemic" as the reason. But the example output didn't include events, only entities. 

Wait, in the example output, "engine" and "a stopped engine" were included. So even if it's a part of the event, like an engine failure, they are considered participants. So maybe "covid-19 pandemic" is considered a participant here as the reason. But the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The pandemic is an event, but maybe it's considered an entity here. 

Alternatively, the rules relating to the pandemic could be considered, but they are not explicitly named. The user's example included "source" and "the same source," which are entities. So in this case, "the military," "people," and "covid-19 pandemic" might be the participants. 

But I need to check if "covid-19 pandemic" is an entity. It's a specific event, so maybe it's considered an entity here. So the participants would be:

- The military (actor)
- People (patients)
- Covid-19 pandemic (the reason, which is an event, but maybe considered a participant as it's the context)

But the example output included "engine" as a participant. So maybe even parts of the event are considered. However, in the current input, "covid-19 pandemic" is a noun phrase. 

Alternatively, maybe "compliance with the rules relating to the covid-19 pandemic" is a reason, but the actual participants are the military and the people. The pandemic is the reason, not a participant. 

So the answer would be:

["the military", 0.9], ["people", 0.8], ["covid-19 pandemic", 0.7]

But I need to check if "covid-19 pandemic" is an entity. Since it's a specific event, it's an entity. However, in the example, "engine" was included even though it's a part of the event. So maybe "covid-19 pandemic" is a participant here. 

Alternatively, maybe the rules are the participants, but they are not explicitly named. 

Hmm. This is a bit tricky. Let me think again. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The military is the actor, the people are the ones affected. The pandemic is the reason for the action, but it's not an entity that is involved or impacted. It's the cause. So maybe the participants are only the military and the people. 

But in the example, "engine failure" was included as "engine" and "a stopped engine." So even parts of the event are considered. So in this case, "covid-19 pandemic" is the reason, but it's an entity. So maybe it's included. 

I think the safest approach is to include "the military," "people," and "covid-19 pandemic" as participants. The confidence levels would be high for the military and people, maybe lower for the pandemic since it's a reason rather than a direct participant. 

So the final answer would be:

[["the military", 0.95], ["people", 0.9], ["covid-19 pandemic", 0.7]]
</think>

[["the military", 0.95], ["people", 0.9], ["covid-19 pandemic", 0.7]]