<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even phrases like "to engine" and "a stopped engine" are considered, which seems a bit odd, but maybe they're parts of the event description.

Looking at the input: "The note also states that the owner was identified and “an administrative offense notice” was drawn up."

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main participants would be the owner, the administrative offense notice, and possibly the entity that issued the notice. However, the text doesn't mention who drew up the notice explicitly. It just says "was drawn up," so maybe the subject is implied but not stated. The owner is identified, so that's a participant. The administrative offense notice is a document, which might be considered an entity here. 

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. In this case, the "note" might be a participant, but the input doesn't mention a note. The input says "The note also states..." so "note" is a participant? But the example included "source" as an entity. However, in the given input, the note is mentioned, but the owner and the administrative offense notice are the main ones. 

Wait, the input is: "The note also states that the owner was identified and “an administrative offense notice” was drawn up." So the note is a participant here. The owner is identified, so that's a participant. The administrative offense notice is a document, which might be considered an entity. But the example included "a Public Security Police" and "airline Jota Aviation" as entities. So in this case, "owner" is a person or entity, and "administrative offense notice" is a document. The note itself is a participant. 

But the example output included "source" and "the same source" as entities. However, in the current input, the note is the one that states the information. So "note" is a participant. The owner is another. The administrative offense notice is a document, which might be considered an entity. 

So the entities would be:
- "note" (the note that states the information)
- "owner" (the person identified)
- "administrative offense notice" (the document drawn up)

But the example included "source" as an entity. However, in this input, there's no mention of a source. The note is the one stating the information. So maybe "note" is the participant here. 

Wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source" as entities. But in the input provided here, the note is the one that states the information. So "note" would be a participant. The owner is identified, so that's a participant. The administrative offense notice is a document, which is a participant. 

But the example output had "Lusa." as an entity. In this case, the input doesn't mention any specific organization, so maybe "note" is the only entity. However, the user might expect that "administrative offense notice" is considered an entity. 

Wait, the definition says participants can be entities that are involved or impacted. The note is the one that states the information, so it's a participant. The owner is involved. The administrative offense notice is a document that was drawn up, so it's a participant. 

So the entities would be:
- "note"
- "owner"
- "administrative offense notice"

Confidence levels: "note" is mentioned explicitly, so high confidence (0.9). "owner" is directly mentioned (0.9). "administrative offense notice" is in quotes, so it's a specific document (0.8). 

But maybe "administrative offense notice" is a type of document, not a specific instance. However, the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity, which is a group. So in this case, "administrative offense notice" is a specific instance, so it's an entity. 

So the final list would be:
["note", 0.9], ["owner", 0.9], ["administrative offense notice", 0.8]
</think>

[["note", 0.9], ["owner", 0.9], ["administrative offense notice", 0.8]]