<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence in Portuguese about military personnel from GNR (Guarda Nacional Republicana) who found a man with facial injuries and contacted the Judicial Police, which is investigating the case, according to a source from the security force.

The participants to classify are: "Os militares da GNR", "o homem", "a Polícia Judiciária", "a fonte da força de segurança".

Now, applying the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let's go one by one.

1. "Os militares da GNR": GNR is a Portuguese security force, so "militares da GNR" would be people working for an organization. But the class "Person" is for individuals, while "Organization" is for groups. However, "militares" are individuals, but here they are referred as a group. Wait, but the class "Person" might be for individuals, and "Organization" for entities like companies or institutions. So "GNR" is an organization, but "militares da GNR" are people. Hmm, but the class might consider "militares" as a collective noun, but in Portuguese, "militares" is plural for people. So maybe "Person" here. But I'm not sure. Wait, looking at the example given earlier, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person), and "a mesma fonte" also as "Per". So "fonte" is a person. In this case, "Os militares da GNR" are people, so "Person".

2. "o homem": This is a man, so clearly a person. So "Person".

3. "a Polícia Judiciária": This is the Judicial Police, which is an organization. So "Organization".

4. "a fonte da força de segurança": The source from the security force. In the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person). So here, "a fonte" is a person, so "Person".

Wait, but in the example, "fonte" was "Per", but the user might have different cases. Let me check the example again. In the example input, the participants included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte", both classified as "Per". So here, "a fonte da força de segurança" is also a person, so "Person".

So the classifications would be:

["Os militares da GNR", "Per"], ["o homem", "Per"], ["a Polícia Judiciária", "Org"], ["a fonte da força de segurança", "Per"]

I need to make sure there are no other classes. For example, "a Polícia Judiciária" is definitely an organization. "Os militares da GNR" are people, so "Person". "o homem" is a person. "a fonte" is a person. So that's the classification.
</think>

[["Os militares da GNR", "Per"], ["o homem", "Per"], ["a Polícia Judiciária", "Org"], ["a fonte da força de segurança", "Per"]]