<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "De acordo com a GNR de Santarém, as vítimas são dois homens, entre os 30 e os 40 anos, que circulavam a pé e foram atropelados por um veículo ligeiro."

Breaking it down, the main event here is a hit-and-run accident. The participants would be the victims, the perpetrator (if mentioned), any organizations involved, and possibly the vehicle. 

Looking at the text, the GNR de Santarém is mentioned as the source. That's an organization, so they should be included. The victims are two men aged 30-40. The vehicle is a light vehicle, but since it's not specified who owns it or if it's a person, maybe just the vehicle itself is considered an entity here. However, the example in the task included "o motor" (the engine) as a participant, so maybe parts of vehicles are included. But in this case, the vehicle is just a "veículo ligeiro" without a specific name or owner, so it might be considered an entity.

Wait, the example output included "o motor" and "um motor" as participants. So even if it's a part of a machine, it's considered. But in this case, the vehicle is a whole entity. So "um veículo ligeiro" should be a participant. Also, the victims are the two men. The GNR de Santarém is an organization, so they are a participant as the source. 

But the example output had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In this case, the GNR is the source, so "a GNR de Santarém" is a participant. The victims are "dois homens" and their age range. However, the example didn't include age ranges, just the entities. So maybe just "dois homens" as the entity. But the example had "dois homens" as a participant. Wait, looking back at the example input, the output included "dois homens" as a participant. Wait, the example input was about an emergency landing, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc. So in this case, the victims are "dois homens", so that's an entity. The vehicle is "um veículo ligeiro". The GNR de Santarém is an organization. 

I need to make sure not to include any other entities. The age range is part of the description but not an entity. So the participants would be:

- a GNR de Santarém (organization)
- dois homens (individuals)
- um veículo ligeiro (vehicle)

But wait, the example output included "os aeroportos" as a participant. In this case, the text doesn't mention any airports, so that's not relevant here. 

Also, in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were included. Here, "a GNR de Santarém" is the source, so that's a participant. 

So compiling the list:

1. "a GNR de Santarém" – confidence high, since it's explicitly mentioned as the source.
2. "dois homens" – the victims, explicitly mentioned.
3. "um veículo ligeiro" – the vehicle involved in the accident.

Are there any others? The text says "que circulavam a pé" – "circulating on foot" which refers to the two men, so that's part of their description. The age range is part of their description but not an entity. 

So the final list would be these three entities with confidence scores. The GNR is a group, the two men are individuals, and the vehicle is an object involved. 

Confidence scores: 

- "a GNR de Santarém" – 0.95, since it's clearly an organization mentioned as the source.
- "dois homens" – 0.9, as they are explicitly stated as victims.
- "um veículo ligeiro" – 0.85, since it's the vehicle involved in the accident.

I need to make sure there are no other entities. The example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants, but here the source is "a GNR de Santarém", so that's covered. No other groups or organizations are mentioned. The vehicle is a participant as per the definition. So the JSON array should have these three entries with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["a GNR de Santarém", 0.95], ["dois homens", 0.9], ["um veículo ligeiro", 0.85]]