<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is "He will have suffered a fall of around eight meters in height." The participants to classify are "He" and "eight meters".

First, I need to determine the classes for each entity. The classes available are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "He": This is a pronoun referring to a person. Since the sentence mentions someone who suffered a fall, "He" is likely a person. So the class should be Person.

Next, "eight meters": This is a measurement of height. The class options don't include a specific category for measurements, but looking at the example provided earlier, "engine" was classified as Object. However, "eight meters" is a quantity, not an object. In the example, "airport" was classified as Facility, but "eight meters" isn't a facility. The closest might be Object, but maybe "Other" is more appropriate here. Wait, in the example, "website." was classified as Loc, which seems off. But according to the given classes, "eight meters" doesn't fit into Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, or Facility. So maybe "Other" is the right choice here. However, in the example, "engine" was Object, so perhaps "eight meters" is considered an Object as well. But "eight meters" is a measurement, not a physical object. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "eight meters" is a quantity, which might fall under Other. But I need to check the example again. In the example, "engine" was classified as Obj, but "eight meters" is different. Maybe "eight meters" is an Object because it's a physical measurement, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, since it's a numerical value, maybe it's Other. I think the safest bet here is to classify "eight meters" as Object, following the example where similar terms were categorized as Obj. But I'm not entirely certain. Alternatively, if "eight meters" is a unit of measurement, it might be considered as Other. However, the example didn't have such a case. Given the ambiguity, I'll go with Object for "eight meters" as it's related to the fall's height, which is a physical quantity.
</think>

[["He", "Per"], ["eight meters", "Obj"]]