<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that entities can be repeated with different confidence levels, but I need to make sure each instance is correctly identified.

First, I'll read the input text carefully. The sentence is: "O outo desaparecido é Majd Kamalmaz, um psicólogo clínico, com 62 anos, do Estado da Virgínia, que desapareceu em 2017." 

Looking for participants, which are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted. Let's break it down.

"Majd Kamalmaz" is clearly a person, so that's a participant. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95 since it's the main subject.

"psicólogo clínico" is a profession, but not an entity. The example output didn't include roles, so maybe I shouldn't include that. Wait, in the example given earlier, they included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as entities. So, maybe only proper nouns or specific entities. "psicólogo clínico" is a role, not an entity, so probably not included.

"Estado da Virgínia" is a state, so that's a participant. Confidence might be 0.85 since it's a location.

"2017" is a year, not an entity. The example didn't include dates, so I'll skip that.

"O outo desaparecido" – "outo" is a typo for "outro" (another)? Or maybe "outo" is a term I'm not familiar with. Wait, the original text says "O outo desaparecido é Majd Kamalmaz..." That seems like a typo. Maybe "O outro desaparecido" (the other missing person). But if "outo" is a typo, but the user provided the input as is, I have to take it as given. However, "outo" isn't a standard Portuguese word. Maybe it's a misspelling of "outro" (another). But regardless, the main entity here is "Majd Kamalmaz" as the missing person. So "O outo desaparecido" might be a title or a role, but not an entity. So maybe not included.

"do Estado da Virgínia" – "do" is a preposition, so "Estado da Virgínia" is the entity here. That's already covered.

So the participants would be Majd Kamalmaz and Estado da Virgínia. Wait, but in the example, they included "Lisboa" multiple times with different confidence. So maybe even if it's repeated, each instance is listed. But in this case, "Estado da Virgínia" is mentioned once, so just once. However, the original text says "do Estado da Virgínia" – "do" is "of the", so the entity is "Estado da Virgínia".

Wait, the example output included "Lisboa" multiple times. For example, in the input, "Lisboa" was mentioned in different contexts, so each occurrence was listed. But in this case, "Estado da Virgínia" is mentioned once. So the output would be ["Majd Kamalmaz", "Estado da Virgínia"] with confidence scores.

But let me check the example again. The example input had "Avião", "o motor", etc., each time they were mentioned. So even if the same entity is mentioned multiple times, each instance is listed. However, in the example output, "Lisboa" appears multiple times, but in the input, it's mentioned in different contexts. So in this case, "Estado da Virgínia" is mentioned once, so it's listed once. "Majd Kamalmaz" is mentioned once as the main subject. Are there any other entities?

The text also mentions "psicólogo clínico" but that's a role, not an entity. "62 anos" is an age, not an entity. "2017" is a year. So the only participants are Majd Kamalmaz and Estado da Virgínia.

Wait, but the example included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) as entities. So if the text mentions a source, like "à agência Lusa", that's an entity. In the current input, there's no mention of an agency or organization, except maybe "Estado da Virgínia" which is a state. So I think the answer is ["Majd Kamalmaz", "Estado da Virgínia"] with confidence scores. Let me assign confidence levels. "Majd Kamalmaz" is definitely a person, so 0.95. "Estado da Virgínia" is a location, so 0.85. Are there any other entities? The text says "do Estado da Virgínia" – "do" is a preposition, so the entity is "Estado da Virgínia". So that's it.
</think>

[["Majd Kamalmaz", 0.95], ["Estado da Virgínia", 0.85]]