<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "According to firefighters, the electrocution took place inside a house," he added."

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main parts are "firefighters," "electrocution," "house," and "he." 

Firefighters are a group, so they're definitely a participant. The electrocution is an event, but the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The event itself might not be a participant, but maybe the cause? Wait, the example given in the task included things like "engine" and "a stopped engine," which are parts of the event. Hmm, but in the example, "engine" was included as a participant. So maybe parts of the event are considered participants if they are directly involved.

But in this case, "electrocution" is the event, not an entity. However, the house is a location where the event happened. The house is an entity, so that's a participant. Then "he" is a person who added the statement, so that's a participant. 

Wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source," which are entities. So in this input, "he" is a person, so that's a participant. Also, "firefighters" are a group. The house is a location, which is an entity. 

But the example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So locations are included. So here, "house" is a location, so it's a participant. 

So the entities would be: firefighters, house, he. 

Wait, but "he" is a pronoun. The example included "source" and "the same source." So maybe "he" is a participant as a person. But the confidence might be lower because it's a pronoun and not explicitly named. 

So the JSON list would be:

["firefighters", 0.9], ["house", 0.8], ["he", 0.6]

But wait, the example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. So in this case, "firefighters" is a group, so that's a participant. "he" is a person, but since it's a pronoun, maybe the confidence is lower. The house is a location, so that's included. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The input mentions firefighters as the source, the electrocution event, the house, and the person adding the statement. So the participants are firefighters, house, and he. The electrocution is the event, not an entity. So the answer should be those three.
</think>

[["firefighters", 0.9], ["house", 0.8], ["he", 0.6]]