<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. So I need to look for any such entities mentioned.

The input is: "Four operatives and two vehicles went to the scene."

First, break down the sentence. The main subjects here are "Four operatives" and "two vehicles." The verb is "went to the scene," which indicates they are the ones taking action. 

"Operatives" are people, so that's a participant. The number "Four" is a quantity, but the entity is "operatives." Similarly, "two vehicles" refers to the vehicles as entities. The word "scene" is a location, but the question is about participants. The scene itself isn't an entity involved; it's the location where the action happens. 

Wait, the definition includes entities that are impacted or involved. The vehicles are going to the scene, so they are participants. The operatives are the people involved. Are there any other entities? The sentence doesn't mention any organizations, groups, or other entities. 

So the participants would be "Four operatives" and "two vehicles." However, the example output in the task included phrases like "the same source" and "Lusa." But in this case, the input is simpler. 

I need to check if "Four operatives" should be considered as a single entity. The example had "A plane" and "the aircraft" as separate entries. So maybe each mention is treated individually. But in the example, "Plane" and "A plane" were both listed. However, in the input here, "Four operatives" is a specific count, but the entity is "operatives." 

Wait, the example output included "Plane", "A plane", "the aircraft", etc. So even if they refer to the same thing, each instance is listed. So in this case, "Four operatives" and "two vehicles" would be the entities. 

But the example also included "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. Wait, that seems odd. Maybe the example is incorrect, but according to the definition, participants are entities involved. "Engine" is part of the plane, but in the example, "engine" was listed. However, in the given input, "vehicles" are entities, so they should be included. 

So the output should be:

["Four operatives", 1.0], ["two vehicles", 1.0]

But wait, the example had entries like "the airports" and "Farnborough, England, Lisbon" as separate entities. So maybe "Four operatives" is one entity, and "two vehicles" is another. The numbers are part of the entity name. 

Alternatively, maybe the count is not part of the entity. For example, in the example, "Four operatives" would be "operatives" with a confidence. But the example didn't have numbers. However, the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. 

Hmm, the user's example output included "Four operatives" as a separate entity. Wait, no, the example given in the task was for a different input. Let me check again.

The example input was about the plane landing, and the output included entries like "Plane", "A plane", "the aircraft", etc. So each mention of the entity is listed. In the current input, "Four operatives" and "two vehicles" are the two entities. 

So the answer should be a JSON array with each of these as separate entries. The confidence is 1.0 since they are clearly mentioned. 

I think that's it. So the final answer would be the two entities with confidence 1.0 each.
</think>

[["Four operatives", 1.0], ["two vehicles", 1.0]]