<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

First, let's look at the input sentence: "Segundo a PSP, 16 pessoas receberam assistência médica no local, devido à inalação de fumo, não carecendo, contudo, de transporte a qualquer unidade hospitalar."

The participants to classify are ["a PSP", "16 pessoas", "unidade hospitalar"].

Starting with "a PSP". PSP stands for Polícia de Segurança Pública, which is a police organization in Portugal. So, "a PSP" should be classified as an Organization (Org).

Next, "16 pessoas". This refers to 16 people. The class "Person" is for individuals, but here it's a group of people. However, the class "Person" might still apply if it's referring to people in general. But looking at the example provided earlier, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person), even though it's a singular term. However, "16 pessoas" is a plural count of people. The class "Person" might be used for groups of people as well, but sometimes "Other" is used for numerical counts. Wait, in the example given, "16 pessoas" would be "Person" if it's a group. But maybe "Other" is more appropriate here because it's a numerical quantity. Hmm, but in the example, "fonte" was "Per" even though it's a singular term. Let me check the example again. In the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person), and "a mesma fonte" as "Per" as well. So maybe "16 pessoas" would be "Person" since it's referring to people. But I'm not sure if the class "Person" is meant for individuals or groups. The example might have "Person" for any human entity, even in plural. So I'll go with "Person" for "16 pessoas".

Third, "unidade hospitalar". This translates to "hospital unit" or "hospital facility". The class "Facility" is for buildings or places where specific activities are carried out. Since a hospital unit is part of a hospital, which is a facility, "unidade hospitalar" should be classified as "Facility" (Fac).

Wait, but in the example, "aeroporto" was classified as "Fac" (Facility). So "unidade hospitalar" would be similar, a facility. So that's correct.

So the classifications would be:

["a PSP", "Org"], ["16 pessoas", "Per"], ["unidade hospitalar", "Fac"].

I need to make sure there's no other possible classifications. "PSP" is definitely an organization. "16 pessoas" is people, so Person. "Unidade hospitalar" is a facility. That seems right.
</think>

[["a PSP", "Org"], ["16 pessoas", "Per"], ["unidade hospitalar", "Fac"]]