<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or affected by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Um homem de 25 anos, com antecedentes criminais, foi detido em Paredes pela GNR e constituído arguido por ter na sua posse uma réplica de arma de fogo e de um bastão extensível, revelou hoje em comunicado a Guarda."

Breaking it down, the main event is a man being detained by the GNR. The participants would include the man, the GNR, the Guarda (since they released the statement), and possibly the items he possessed (réplica de arma de fogo and bastão extensível). However, the items are objects, not participants. Wait, the definition says participants can be entities, so maybe the items are included? But the example given in the task includes "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants, which are objects. So maybe objects involved are considered participants.

So, the entities here would be:

- "Um homem de 25 anos" – the individual involved.
- "GNR" – the organization that detained him.
- "a Guarda" – the organization that released the statement.
- "réplica de arma de fogo" – the object in his possession.
- "bastão extensível" – another object.

But wait, the example output includes "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So objects are included. However, in the example, "o motor" is mentioned as a participant. So maybe even objects are considered participants if they are part of the event.

But the user's example output includes "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So I need to include those. However, in the current input, the objects are "réplica de arma de fogo" and "bastão extensível". Are those considered participants? The example includes "o motor" as a participant, which is an object. So yes, they should be included.

Also, "Paredes" is a location where the detention happened. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. Locations might be considered as participants if they are part of the event. But in the example, "Lisboa" is included multiple times. So locations are included as participants.

So in this case, "Paredes" would be a participant. Also, "a Guarda" is the organization that released the statement, so they are a participant. The GNR is the organization that detained him, so they are a participant. The man is the individual. The objects are also participants. The location "Paredes" is included.

Now, checking for duplicates. The example output has repeated entries like "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if the same entity is mentioned multiple times, each occurrence is listed separately with its own confidence.

Now, assigning confidence scores. For the man, "Um homem de 25 anos" – high confidence, maybe 0.95. "GNR" is a known organization, so 0.95. "a Guarda" is the organization that made the statement, so 0.9. The objects: "réplica de arma de fogo" and "bastão extensível" – these are specific items, but since they are mentioned as being in his possession, they are participants. Confidence might be lower, like 0.8 each. "Paredes" as the location, 0.9. The phrase "em comunicado" refers to the Guarda, so "a Guarda" is included. Also, "comunicado" is a document, but the example doesn't include such terms, so maybe not. The user's example includes "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública", so organizations are included. 

Wait, in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" are included. So even if it's a generic term like "fonte", it's considered a participant. But in this case, "a Guarda" is a specific organization, so that's clear. 

So compiling the list:

1. "Um homem de 25 anos" – 0.95
2. "GNR" – 0.95
3. "a Guarda" – 0.9
4. "réplica de arma de fogo" – 0.8
5. "bastão extensível" – 0.8
6. "Paredes" – 0.9

Wait, but the example includes "os aeroportos" as a participant. In this case, "Paredes" is a location, so it's included. Also, the man's age and criminal record are attributes, but the entity is "Um homem de 25 anos". The example includes "Um avião" and "o motor" as separate entries. So even if the same entity is mentioned in different forms, they are listed separately. For example, "Um avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So in this case, "Um homem de 25 anos" is the same as "o homem" if mentioned again, but here it's only once. 

Also, the example includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So if the same entity is mentioned with different articles or forms, they are considered separate entries. So in this case, "a Guarda" is mentioned once, but if there were another mention, like "a Guarda" again, it would be another entry. But in this input, it's only once.

So the final list would be:

["Um homem de 25 anos", 0.95], ["GNR", 0.95], ["a Guarda", 0.9], ["réplica de arma de fogo", 0.8], ["bastão extensível", 0.8], ["Paredes", 0.9]

But wait, the example output includes "Lisboa" multiple times. In the input, "Lisboa" is mentioned once, but in the example, it's listed multiple times. So even if the same location is mentioned once, it's included once. But in the example, "Lisboa" is listed multiple times because it's mentioned in different contexts. So in this case, "Paredes" is mentioned once, so it's included once.

Also, the example includes "aeroportos" as a participant. In this case, the location is "Paredes", so that's included. The objects are included as participants. The organizations are included. The individual is included. So that's all.
</think>

[["Um homem de 25 anos", 0.95], ["GNR", 0.95], ["a Guarda", 0.9], ["réplica de arma de fogo", 0.8], ["bastão extensível", 0.8], ["Paredes", 0.9]]