<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., and even objects if they're significant.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Ainda segundo a GNR, os militares fizeram 'duas buscas domiciliárias e uma não domiciliária', de que resultou a 'apreensão de uma réplica de arma de fogo e de um bastão extensível'."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "a GNR" – GNR is the Guarda Nacional Republicana, a Portuguese national police force. So that's an organization.
2. "os militares" – refers to the military personnel conducting the searches. They are agents here.
3. "duas buscas domiciliárias e uma não domiciliária" – these are the searches, but they are actions, not participants. Maybe not included unless they are named entities.
4. "apreensão de uma réplica de arma de fogo e de um bastão extensível" – the items seized. The objects here, but the question is whether they count as participants. The definition says participants can be entities impacted by the event. The items are seized, so they are involved. But the example in the task included things like "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So maybe objects can be included if they are part of the event.

Wait, looking back at the example output, they included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So even objects that are part of the event are considered participants. So in this case, the "réplica de arma de fogo" and "bastão extensível" would be participants as they were seized.

Also, "GNR" is mentioned, so that's an organization. "os militares" are the agents performing the searches. The "buscas" are actions, but the example included "buscas domiciliárias" as part of the entities? Wait, in the example given, the output included "a aeronave" and "o motor" as participants. So maybe the actions themselves aren't participants, but the entities involved in the actions are.

So in this input, the participants would be:

- GNR (organization)
- os militares (group of people)
- réplica de arma de fogo (object)
- bastão extensível (object)

But wait, the example output included "a aeronave" and "o motor" as participants. So even if they are objects, they are included. So in this case, the seized items are participants.

But the user's example output also included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. So even if it's a generic term like "fonte" (source), it's included. So in this case, "os militares" is a group, "GNR" is an organization, and the seized items are objects.

So the entities would be:

- "a GNR" (organization)
- "os militares" (group)
- "réplica de arma de fogo" (object)
- "bastão extensível" (object)

But wait, the input says "apreensão de uma réplica de arma de fogo e de um bastão extensível". The "apreensão" is the action, but the objects are the items. So the actual participants are the items seized.

Now, confidence scores. For "a GNR", it's a known organization, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. "os militares" are the agents, so 0.9. The items are specific, so 0.8 each. But need to check if they are mentioned as entities. The example included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants, even though they are objects. So in this case, the items would be included.

Wait, but in the example output, they included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as separate entities. So in this case, the two items would be separate entries.

So the final list would be:

["a GNR", 0.95], ["os militares", 0.9], ["réplica de arma de fogo", 0.8], ["bastão extensível", 0.8]

But need to check if the original text has any other entities. The input mentions "GNR" and "os militares", and the seized items. No other entities. So that's the list.
</think>

[["a GNR", 0.95], ["os militares", 0.9], ["réplica de arma de fogo", 0.8], ["bastão extensível", 0.8]]