<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is a Portuguese sentence about a detained person with criminal records. The key entities here are the detido (the detainee), the Guarda (probably the police force), the Tribunal Judicial de Paredes (the court), and the legal terms mentioned like "antecedentes criminais" and "constituído arguido." 

Wait, but the definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. So the detainee is definitely a participant. The Guarda is the entity that reported the information. The Tribunal Judicial de Paredes is where the case is being sent, so they are involved. The legal terms might be part of the context but not participants themselves. 

Looking at the example output, they included things like "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source), even though they are not specific names. So maybe in this case, "a Guarda" is a participant as an organization. The "detido" is the individual involved. The "Tribunal Judicial de Paredes" is an organization involved. 

Also, the terms "antecedentes criminais por condução sem habilitação legal e por ameaças" are descriptions of the detainee's background, not participants. "Constituído arguido" is a legal status, not an entity. 

So the participants would be: "O detido", "a Guarda", "Tribunal Judicial de Paredes". Maybe "constituído arguido" is a role, but not an entity. 

Wait, but in the example, they included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So even if it's an object, if it's part of the event, it's included. In this case, the detainee is the main participant. The Guarda is the reporting entity. The Tribunal is the institution handling the case. 

I need to make sure I'm not missing any entities. Let me parse the sentence again:

"O detido, acrescenta a Guarda, tem "antecedentes criminais por condução sem habilitação legal e por ameaças" tendo sido "constituído arguido" e os factos remetidos para o Tribunal Judicial de Paredes."

Entities here: 

- O detido (the detainee)
- a Guarda (the police force)
- Tribunal Judicial de Paredes (the court)
- antecedentes criminais... (criminal records) – but these are attributes, not entities.
- constituído arguido (made an accused) – legal status, not an entity.
- os factos (the facts) – but that's a general term, not a specific entity.

So the participants are O detido, a Guarda, and Tribunal Judicial de Paredes. 

Now, confidence scores. For "O detido" and "a Guarda" I'm pretty confident. The Tribunal is also a participant. Maybe "os factos" is not an entity. 

Wait, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In this case, "a Guarda" is the source, so that's a participant. 

So the final list would be:

["O detido", 0.95], ["a Guarda", 0.9], ["Tribunal Judicial de Paredes", 0.85]

I need to check if there are any other entities. The sentence mentions "condução sem habilitação legal" and "ameaças" but those are types of crimes, not participants. 

Yes, that's it. So the JSON array would be those three entries with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["O detido", 0.95], ["a Guarda", 0.9], ["Tribunal Judicial de Paredes", 0.85]]