<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input text: "Um homem de 32 anos foi encontrado morto ao início da madrugada de hoje no rio Tua, na zona de Valverde da Gestosa, em Mirandela, local para onde terá ido pescar, informou a GNR."

Breaking it down, the main event is a man found dead in the Tua River. The participants would include the man himself, the location (rio Tua, Valverde da Gestosa, Mirandela), and the GNR (Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is a Portuguese police force). 

The man is explicitly mentioned as "Um homem de 32 anos." Even though it's a general term, since it's the subject of the event, it's a participant. The locations are part of the context where the event happened, so they should be included. The GNR is the source of the information, so they are involved as the informing entity.

I need to check for any other entities. The river, the zone, the town, and the GNR are all participants. The age (32 anos) is part of the man's description, so he's still one entity. The "local para onde terá ido pescar" refers to the river area, which is already mentioned as rio Tua. 

Confidence scores: The man is definitely a participant (0.95). The locations are clear (0.9 each). The GNR is explicitly mentioned as the source (0.9). Other terms like "madrugada de hoje" are time-related, not participants. "Pescar" is an action, not an entity. 

So the final list should include the man, the river, the zone, Mirandela, and GNR with their respective confidence levels.
</think>

[["Um homem de 32 anos", 0.95], ["rio Tua", 0.9], ["Valverde da Gestosa", 0.85], ["Mirandela", 0.9], ["a GNR", 0.9]]