<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the correct category with a confidence score.

First, the participants to classify are: "Lusa", "aquela força de segurança", "o homem", and "casa".

Starting with "Lusa". From the example given earlier, "à agência Lusa" was classified as "Org". Lusa is a news agency, so that makes sense. So "Lusa" should be Org. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "aquela força de segurança". The term "força de segurança" translates to security force, which is an organization. The article mentions "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" in the previous example, which was classified as Org. So "aquela força de segurança" is likely an Org as well. Confidence around 0.9.

Then, "o homem". This is a human individual. The class "Per" is for human individuals or characters. So "o homem" would be Per. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.

Lastly, "casa". The class "Obj" is for tangible, manmade objects. A house is a manmade structure, so "casa" should be Obj. But wait, in the previous example, "aeroporto" was classified as Fac (facility). Wait, "Fac" is a category under Pl_? Let me check the definitions again.

Looking back, "Fac" is a separate category for facilities. The example had "aeroporto" as Fac. But "casa" is a house, which is a building, so maybe it's a Fac? Wait, the classes are:

- Obj: tangible, manmade objects. Examples include "cadeira" (chair).
- Fac: facilities. So maybe "casa" is a Fac? But the example given for Obj was "cadeira", which is an object. However, "casa" is a building, which could be a facility. Hmm, this is a bit confusing.

Wait, the definition for Obj says "tangible, manmade objects". A house is a structure, which is a manmade object. But "Fac" is a separate category for facilities. The example given for Fac in the initial input was "aeroporto", which is a facility. So maybe "casa" is Obj because it's a manmade object, not a facility. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "casa" is a Fac. Let me check the definitions again.

The user's classes:

- Obj: entities that represent any kind of tangible, manmade objects. Ex. O Joao partiu #a cadeira#.
- Fac: facilities.

So "cadeira" is Obj, "aeroporto" is Fac. A "casa" is a house, which is a building. Is a building considered a facility? Maybe. But in the example, "aeroporto" is a facility. However, the user's example for Obj includes "cadeira", which is an object. So perhaps "casa" is Obj. But I'm not 100% sure. Alternatively, maybe "casa" is a Fac. But in the absence of a clear example, I'll go with Obj since it's a manmade object. Confidence here might be lower, maybe 0.8.

Wait, but "casa" could be considered a Fac if it's a facility. However, in the example given, "aeroporto" was classified as Fac. So maybe "casa" is also Fac. But I'm not sure. This is a bit ambiguous. Let me think again. The user's example for Obj was "cadeira", which is an object. A house is a structure, which is a manmade object. So maybe "casa" is Obj. But if "aeroporto" is Fac, then perhaps "casa" is Obj. Hmm. I think I'll go with Obj here, but with a confidence of 0.8 because it's a bit ambiguous.
</think>

<Output>[["Lusa", "Org", 0.95], ["aquela força de segurança", "Org", 0.9], ["o homem", "Per", 0.95], ["casa", "Obj", 0.8]]</Output>