<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "De acordo com informação disponibilizada à Lusa por aquela força de segurança, o homem terá saído de casa na manhã de domingo para ir à pesca."

Breaking it down, the main elements here are:

1. "Lusa" – This is a news agency, so that's an organization. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.
2. "aquela força de segurança" – This refers to a security force, but the name isn't specified. However, since it's mentioned as "aquela" (that), it might refer to a previously mentioned entity. But in the context given, there's no prior mention, so maybe it's a generic term. However, the user might expect it to be included as a participant even if it's not named. Wait, the example in the task included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source), so maybe even if it's not a proper name, it's still considered a participant. So "aquela força de segurança" would be a participant, but since it's not named, maybe the confidence is lower. Hmm, but the example included "fonte" as a participant. So perhaps even if it's a generic term, it's still considered. So I'll include it with a confidence, maybe 0.7.
3. "o homem" – The man is the subject here, so he's a participant. Confidence is high, 0.9.
4. "casa" – House, but is that a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The house is where the man left from, but is it considered a participant? The example included "aeroporto" and "os aeroportos" as participants. So maybe "casa" is a location, but the example included "aeroporto" as a participant. So perhaps "casa" should be included. Confidence might be lower, maybe 0.6.
5. "na manhã de domingo" – This is a time, not an entity. So probably not a participant.
6. "à pesca" – Going fishing, which is an activity, not an entity. So not a participant.

Wait, the example output included "aeroporto" and "os aeroportos" as participants. So locations are included. So "casa" would be a location, hence a participant. But in the example, "Lisboa" was included as a participant. So "casa" is a location, so it's a participant. But maybe "casa" is too generic? However, in the example, "os aeroportos" was included. So even if it's a generic term, if it's a location, it's considered a participant. So "casa" would be included. But the confidence might be lower because it's a generic term. Maybe 0.6.

So compiling the list:

- "Lusa" (organization) 0.95
- "aquela força de segurança" (organization, though unnamed) 0.7
- "o homem" (individual) 0.9
- "casa" (location) 0.6

Wait, but the original input says "informação disponibilizada à Lusa por aquela força de segurança". So "Lusa" is the recipient, and "aquela força de segurança" is the source. Both are participants. Then "o homem" is the subject of the action. "casa" is the location he left from. So those four entities.

I need to check if "à Lusa" is "Lusa" as an entity. Yes. "aquela força de segurança" is another entity. "o homem" is the individual. "casa" is the location. So the JSON array would be:

[["Lusa", 0.95], ["aquela força de segurança", 0.7], ["o homem", 0.9], ["casa", 0.6]]

But wait, the example output included "fonte" (source) as a participant. In the input, "fonte" was mentioned as "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte". So even if the entity is referred to as "fonte" without a specific name, it's included. Similarly, here "aquela força de segurança" is a participant even if not named. So that's correct.

Another thing: the example included "Lisboa" as a participant. So locations are included. Therefore, "casa" is a location and should be included. So the answer seems correct.
</think>

[["Lusa", 0.95], ["aquela força de segurança", 0.7], ["o homem", 0.9], ["casa", 0.6]]