<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input sentence and the participants listed. The sentence is: "O corpo foi encontrado depois da meia-noite e retirado do rio nas proximidades do local onde as autoridades encontraram os haveres do pescador."

Participants to classify are ["o corpo", "as autoridades", "os haveres do pescador"].

Starting with "o corpo". The body is a human individual, so according to the classes, that would be "Per" (person). But wait, the example given for "Per" includes "O rapaz" which is a person. However, "corpo" is the body, which is a part of a person, not the person themselves. Hmm, but in some contexts, the body might be considered as the entity involved. Wait, the definition says participants are individuals, groups, etc., involved in the event. If the body is the subject here, but the body is not a person, but a part of a person. But the example given for "Obj" includes "a cadeira" (the chair), which is an object. However, the body is a part of a person, but if the person is deceased, maybe it's considered as an object. Wait, but the class "Per" is for human individuals or divine entities. If the body is not a person but a part of a person, maybe it's an object. Wait, but in the example, "O cao" (the dog) is classified as "Nat" (natural entities). So, "o corpo" would be an object, maybe "Obj"? Wait, but the body is a physical object. So "Obj" makes sense here. But I need to check the definitions again. The "Obj" class is for tangible, manmade objects. Wait, the body is not manmade. So maybe "Nat"? But "Nat" is for animals, plants, etc. The body is part of a human, which is a person. But the body itself is not a person. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. Maybe "Obj" is the right class here because it's a physical object, even though it's not manmade. Wait, the example for "Obj" is "a cadeira" (chair), which is manmade. But the body is not manmade. So maybe "Nat"? But "Nat" is for animals, plants. The body is a part of a human, which is a person. However, the body is not a person. So perhaps "Obj" is not correct here. Wait, the definition says "Obj" is any kind of tangible, manmade objects. So if the body is not manmade, then it's not "Obj". Then, maybe "Nat"? But "Nat" is for natural entities like animals, plants. The body is a human body, which is a person's body. But the person is a Per. If the body is the entity, maybe it's considered as a Per? But the body itself isn't a person. So this is confusing. Maybe the correct class here is "Obj" because it's a physical object, even if it's not manmade. Alternatively, maybe "Nat" isn't right because it's a human body. Wait, the example for "Nat" is "O cao" (the dog), which is an animal. So the body of a human would not fit into "Nat". Therefore, perhaps "Obj" is the best fit here, even though it's not manmade. But the definition says "manmade objects". So maybe "Obj" is not correct. Then, what's the right class? Maybe "Other" because it doesn't fit into any of the other categories. But the example for "Other" is "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt), which is a sensory experience. The body is a physical object, so maybe "Obj" is the intended class here, even if it's not manmade. Alternatively, maybe the body is considered as a "Per" if it's the deceased person. But the sentence says "o corpo foi encontrado" (the body was found), so the body is the entity, not the person. So I think "Obj" is the correct class here, even though it's not manmade. Maybe the definition allows for that. So I'll go with "Obj" for "o corpo".

Next, "as autoridades" (the authorities). Authorities are typically organizations or groups. The class "Org" is for entities with an organizational structure, like governments, teams, institutions. So "as autoridades" would be "Org" with high confidence.

Lastly, "os haveres do pescador" (the belongings of the fisherman). "Haveres" refers to possessions, which are objects. So this would be "Obj" as well. The belongings are tangible, manmade objects, so "Obj" is appropriate here. Confidence is high.

So the classifications would be:

["o corpo", "Obj", 0.8], ["as autoridades", "Org", 0.95], ["os haveres do pescador", "Obj", 0.9]
</think>

<Output>[["o corpo", "Obj", 0.8], ["as autoridades", "Org", 0.95], ["os haveres do pescador", "Obj", 0.9]]</Output>