<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input text: "O corpo foi encontrado depois da meia-noite e retirado do rio nas proximidades do local onde as autoridades encontraram os haveres do pescador."

Breaking it down, the main event is the discovery and retrieval of a body from a river. The participants would be the entities involved in this action. Let's parse each part.

1. "O corpo" – the body. This is the subject here, but is it a participant? The body is the object being found, so maybe it's a patient. But the definition includes patients as participants. So I should include "corpo" with a confidence score. However, sometimes "corpo" might be a generic term, but in this context, it's specific. Maybe 0.9?

2. "as autoridades" – the authorities. They are the ones who found the belongings of the fisherman. So they are active participants. Confidence high, maybe 0.95.

3. "os haveres do pescador" – the fisherman's belongings. The belongings are objects, but the fisherman himself might be a participant. However, the text only mentions the belongings, not the fisherman directly. But the fisherman's belongings are part of the event. Wait, the fisherman is the owner, but is he mentioned? The text says "os haveres do pescador" – so the fisherman is implied but not explicitly named. Should I include "pescador" as a participant? The definition says participants can be inferred. So maybe "pescador" is a participant. But the text doesn't mention the fisherman's name, just his belongings. Hmm, tricky. Maybe the fisherman is a participant, but since he's not explicitly mentioned, confidence might be lower. Alternatively, maybe "os haveres" are the objects, but the fisherman is the owner. However, the task is to extract participants, which could be the fisherman. But the example given in the task included entities like "o motor" and "a aeronave" even if they were parts of the plane. So maybe "os haveres do pescador" is considered as an entity, but the fisherman is not explicitly named. So perhaps "pescador" is not included here because it's not directly mentioned. Wait, the example included "a aeronave" and "o motor" even though they were parts of the plane. So maybe "os haveres do pescador" is an entity, but the fisherman is not. Alternatively, maybe "pescador" is an entity inferred. But the example didn't include inferred people unless they were explicitly mentioned. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" even though they were not named. So maybe if the entity is implied but not named, like "pescador" here, but the text doesn't mention the fisherman's name, just his belongings. So perhaps "pescador" is not included. Alternatively, maybe "os haveres do pescador" is considered as an entity, but that's more of an object. The main participants are the authorities (as they are the ones acting) and the body. The river might be a location, but the task says participants are entities involved. The river is a location, not a participant. So "rio" is a location, not a participant. "local" is also a location. So the main participants are "o corpo" and "as autoridades". Wait, but the body is the object being found, so maybe it's a patient. The example included "a aeronave" and "o motor" as participants. So "o corpo" is a participant here. "as autoridades" are the ones who found the belongings, so they are participants. The fisherman's belongings are objects, but the fisherman himself isn't mentioned. So the output would be ["o corpo", "as autoridades", "os haveres do pescador"]? Wait, but in the example, they included "o motor" even though it's a part of the plane. So maybe "os haveres do pescador" is considered an entity. But the fisherman is not mentioned. Alternatively, maybe "pescador" is inferred. But the example didn't include inferred people unless they were explicitly mentioned. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" even though they were not named. So if the entity is referred to as "fonte" without a name, it's included. Similarly, here, "os haveres do pescador" is an entity, but the fisherman is not named. So maybe "os haveres do pescador" is included as an entity. However, the task says participants are those involved or impacted. The fisherman's belongings are part of the event, but the fisherman himself is not mentioned. So perhaps "os haveres do pescador" is an object, not a participant. The main participants are the body (found) and the authorities (who found the belongings). The river is a location, not a participant. So the output would be ["o corpo", "as autoridades"] with confidence scores. But maybe "os haveres do pescador" is also a participant because they are involved in the event. But the definition says participants can be objects. Wait, the example included "o motor" as a participant. So maybe "os haveres do pescador" is also a participant. However, the fisherman is not mentioned. So the entities would be "o corpo", "as autoridades", and "os haveres do pescador". But the fisherman is not explicitly mentioned. Alternatively, maybe "pescador" is inferred. But the example didn't include inferred people unless they were explicitly mentioned. So perhaps only "o corpo" and "as autoridades" are participants. Hmm, this is a bit ambiguous. Let me check the example again. In the example, "a aeronave" and "o motor" are included even though they are parts of the plane. So in this case, "os haveres do pescador" is an object, but the fisherman is not mentioned. So maybe "os haveres do pescador" is included as an entity. But the fisherman is not. So the answer would be ["o corpo", "as autoridades", "os haveres do pescador"] with confidence scores. Alternatively, maybe "os haveres do pescador" is not a participant because it's just an object. The example included "o motor" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe "os haveres" are considered as an entity here. So I'll go with that. Also, the river is a location, not a participant. So the final list would be:

["o corpo", "as autoridades", "os haveres do pescador"]

Confidence scores: "o corpo" is 0.9, "as autoridades" is 0.95, "os haveres do pescador" is 0.8. But need to check if "os haveres" are considered participants. Alternatively, maybe "pescador" is inferred. But the text doesn't mention the fisherman's name, so maybe not. So I'll proceed with the three entities.
</think>

[["o corpo", 0.9], ["as autoridades", 0.95], ["os haveres do pescador", 0.8]]