<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., and even things like "o motor" (the engine) if they are relevant.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "De acordo com a fonte, o caso foi entregue à Polícia Judiciária para serem apuradas as circunstâncias da morte." 

Breaking this down, the main elements here are:

- "a fonte" – this refers to a source, which is a participant.
- "Polícia Judiciária" – this is a judicial police force, definitely an organization, so a participant.
- "o caso" – the case, which might be considered an event or situation, but according to the definition, participants are entities involved or impacted. The case itself might not be a participant but rather the subject. However, sometimes in such contexts, the case could be a participant if it's an entity. But I'm not sure. The example given in the task includes things like "o motor" as participants, so maybe even abstract nouns can be included if they are central to the event. However, "o caso" here is the case being investigated, which might be considered an event rather than a participant. Hmm, need to be careful here.

Looking at the example output from the user's previous input, they included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So, even if it's an object or a part of a machine, if it's central to the event, it's considered a participant. But in this case, "o caso" is the case being handled by the police. The case itself is the subject of the action, but is it a participant? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The case is the thing being investigated, so maybe it's not a participant but the object. However, the example includes "o motor" which is a part of the plane, so maybe in this case, "o caso" is also a participant. Alternatively, maybe the user's example includes "o caso" as a participant. Wait, in the example given by the user, the output includes "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So perhaps even objects involved in the event are considered participants. 

But in the current input, "o caso" is the case that was handed over. The case is the thing that's being dealt with, so maybe it's a participant. However, the definition says participants are entities that are actively involved or impacted. The case is the subject of the action, but not an entity. It's more of an event or situation. So maybe "o caso" is not a participant here. 

Then, "a fonte" is a participant, as it's the source of information. "Polícia Judiciária" is definitely a participant as the organization handling the case. 

Are there any other entities? The sentence mentions "as circunstâncias da morte" (the circumstances of the death), but that's a description, not an entity. So probably not a participant. 

So the participants would be "a fonte", "Polícia Judiciária". But wait, in the example, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. In this case, "a fonte" is mentioned once, so that's one entry. 

What about "a Polícia Judiciária"? The example includes "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. So here, "Polícia Judiciária" is an organization, so it's a participant. 

So the output should be:

[["a fonte", 0.9], ["Polícia Judiciária", 0.9]]

Wait, but the example in the user's previous input included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. In this case, "a fonte" is mentioned once, so just that. 

But maybe "a fonte" is a participant, and "Polícia Judiciária" is another. Are there any others? The sentence doesn't mention any other entities. 

So the final answer would be those two entities with confidence scores. I'll assign 0.9 for both since they are clearly mentioned and fit the definition.
</think>

[["a fonte", 0.9], ["Polícia Judiciária", 0.9]]