<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Um homem de 26 anos ficou em prisão preventiva por alegado crime violência doméstica no dia de Natal, devido a ameaças de morte à mãe e uma irmã, no concelho de Foz Côa, foi hoje anunciado pela GNR."

Breaking it down, the main event is a man being placed in preventive detention for alleged domestic violence on Christmas day. The reasons given are threats of death to his mother and sister. The location is Foz Côa, and the announcement was made by GNR.

Participants would include the man (the subject of the detention), his mother, his sister, the GNR (the organization announcing the news), the concelho (municipality) of Foz Côa, and possibly the legal system entities like the court or police, but they aren't explicitly mentioned here. The term "prisão preventiva" is a legal term, but the actual authority enforcing it might be implied, but not directly named. The GNR is the one announcing it, so they are a participant.

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were repeated. So I need to list all entities mentioned, even if they repeat, and assign confidence scores. The confidence should be based on how clearly the entity is identified. For example, "Um homem de 26 anos" is a specific person, so high confidence. "mãe" and "irmã" are roles, but the actual names aren't given, so maybe lower confidence. "GNR" is a known organization, so high confidence. "concelho de Foz Côa" is a place, so high confidence.

Wait, but in the example, they included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if the same location is mentioned in different contexts, each instance is listed. So here, "Foz Côa" is mentioned once, but maybe "concelho de Foz Côa" is a different entity than just "Foz Côa"? Or is it the same? The example included both "Lisboa" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as separate entities. So in this case, "concelho de Foz Côa" and "Foz Côa" might be considered separate, but the input only mentions "concelho de Foz Côa" once. So I should include that as a single entity.

Also, "GNR" is the organization, so that's a participant. The man is the main subject, so "Um homem de 26 anos" and "o homem" if repeated. But in the input, he's only mentioned once as "Um homem de 26 anos". The mother and sister are mentioned as "mãe" and "irmã", but since they are roles without specific names, maybe their confidence is lower. However, in the example, they included "a mãe" and "uma irmã" as entities. Wait, in the example input, the output had "a aeronave" and "aeroporto" as separate entities. So even if the entity is a role, like "mãe", it's still considered a participant. So here, "mãe" and "irmã" would be participants, even without names.

So compiling the list:

- "Um homem de 26 anos" – high confidence (0.9)
- "mãe" – medium confidence (0.7)
- "irmã" – medium confidence (0.7)
- "concelho de Foz Côa" – high confidence (0.9)
- "GNR" – high confidence (0.9)
- "prisão preventiva" – maybe not a participant, but the legal term. The example didn't include legal terms unless they were entities. Wait, in the example, "prisão preventiva" wasn't listed, but "aeroporto" was. So maybe legal terms aren't participants unless they are organizations. So "prisão preventiva" is a legal status, not an entity. So not included.

Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The man is the subject, the mother and sister are victims, GNR is the announcing organization, and the concelho is the location. So those are the participants.

So the list would be:

["Um homem de 26 anos", 0.9], ["mãe", 0.7], ["irmã", 0.7], ["concelho de Foz Côa", 0.9], ["GNR", 0.9]

Wait, but the input says "no concelho de Foz Côa" – "concelho" is the municipality, so "concelho de Foz Côa" is the entity. Also, "Foz Côa" is part of that, but the example included "Lisboa" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as separate. So here, "concelho de Foz Côa" is the full entity. So that's one entry.

Are there any other entities? The "prisão preventiva" is a legal term, but not an entity. The "alegado crime violência doméstica" is the crime, but not an entity. The "dia de Natal" is a time, not an entity. The "ameaças de morte" are actions, not entities. So the main participants are the man, his mother, sister, the GNR, and the concelho.

So the final list should be those five entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Um homem de 26 anos", 0.9], ["mãe", 0.7], ["irmã", 0.7], ["concelho de Foz Côa", 0.9], ["GNR", 0.9]]