<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, or even objects involved in the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Segundo a GNR, o agressor destruiu ainda as portas da habitação, de forma a intimidar as vítimas." Translating that, it's about the GNR (National Republican Guard) stating that the aggressor destroyed the house doors to intimidate the victims.

Now, identifying participants. The main entities here are:

1. "a GNR" – This is an organization, so definitely a participant. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.
2. "o agressor" – The aggressor is an individual involved, so that's a participant. Confidence around 0.9.
3. "as portas da habitação" – The doors of the house. Wait, are doors considered participants? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The doors were destroyed, so they are affected. But are they considered participants? The example included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So maybe objects that are acted upon are included. So "as portas da habitação" would be a participant. Confidence maybe 0.8.
4. "as vítimas" – The victims are definitely participants. Confidence 0.95.

Wait, the example output included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So even if they are objects, they are included. So in this case, the doors are part of the event, so they should be included. Also, "habitação" (the house) might be considered, but the text says "as portas da habitação" (the doors of the house). So the doors are the direct object here. The house itself isn't mentioned as being destroyed, just the doors. So maybe just the doors.

Also, the structure in the example had repeated entries like "Um avião", "o motor", etc. So even if the same entity is mentioned multiple times, each occurrence is listed. But in the input here, "as portas da habitação" is mentioned once. However, "as vítimas" is mentioned once. "o agressor" once. "a GNR" once.

Wait, the example output had entries like "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant. So the full phrase including the name is considered. Similarly, here "a GNR" is the full entity. "as portas da habitação" is the full phrase. But maybe "habitação" is also a participant? But the text doesn't mention the house being destroyed, only the doors. So probably not. The doors are the ones destroyed.

So the participants would be:

- "a GNR" (organization)
- "o agressor" (individual)
- "as portas da habitação" (object)
- "as vítimas" (individuals)

Confidence scores: "a GNR" is a known organization, so high confidence. "o agressor" is the actor, high confidence. "as portas da habitação" is the object affected, maybe medium confidence. "as vítimas" are the victims, high confidence.

Wait, the example output included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) as participants. So even if it's a role like a source, they are included. In this case, "a GNR" is the source here, so that's correct.

So the final list would be:

["a GNR", 0.95], ["o agressor", 0.9], ["as portas da habitação", 0.8], ["as vítimas", 0.95]

I need to make sure there are no other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations or individuals. "de forma a intimidar" is a phrase, not an entity. So that's all.
</think>

[["a GNR", 0.95], ["o agressor", 0.9], ["as portas da habitação", 0.8], ["as vítimas", 0.95]]