<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Perante a presença dos militares, tentou encetar a fuga, tendo sido intercetado e detido." Translating that, it's something like "In the presence of the military, he tried to start a flight, having been intercepted and detained."

Looking for participants here. The main entities mentioned are "militares" (military) and the person who tried to flee. The person isn't explicitly named, but the action is "tentou encetar a fuga" (tried to start a flight/flee). The military are present, so they are participants. The person who attempted to flee is also a participant, even though not named. The verbs "intercetado e detido" (intercepted and detained) imply that the person was intercepted by the military, so the military are involved in the action of intercepting.

In the example output, they included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were repeated. So, even if "militares" is mentioned once, it's included once. The person is not named, but the action is about them. However, the task says participants are those involved or impacted. The person who tried to flee is definitely a participant. But since they aren't named, maybe I should consider "tentou encetar a fuga" as the action, but the subject isn't specified. Wait, the original text in Portuguese uses "tentou encetar a fuga" without a subject. So the subject is implied but not mentioned. In that case, should I include the subject as an entity? The example didn't have unnamed entities, but the instruction says participants can be inferred from context. So maybe the person is a participant, but since they aren't named, perhaps I can't assign a confidence. But the example included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) even though they might be the same entity. Hmm.

Wait, the example output includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So even if they refer to the same entity, they are listed as separate. So in this case, the person trying to flee is an entity, but since they aren't named, maybe I can't include them. Alternatively, maybe the action is attributed to an unnamed individual, so the participant is "the person" but since it's not named, maybe the confidence is low. But the example didn't have such cases. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entities. So even if they refer to the same entity, they are listed. But in the current input, the subject is not mentioned. So perhaps the only participants are "militares" and the person who tried to flee. But since the person isn't named, maybe I can't include them. However, the instruction says participants can be inferred from context. So maybe the person is a participant, even if not named. But how to represent that? The example didn't have such cases. Alternatively, maybe the subject is implied to be a person, so "uma pessoa" (a person) with low confidence. But the example didn't do that. Alternatively, maybe the participants are only the ones explicitly mentioned. In the example, "Avião", "o motor", etc., are all explicitly mentioned. So in this case, "militares" is explicitly mentioned. The person is not named, so maybe they are not included. But the action is about them. However, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The person is involved, but since they are not named, perhaps they are not included. Alternatively, maybe the subject is considered as "the person" even if not named, but that's a stretch. The example didn't include unnamed entities, so maybe I should only include "militares" here. But the output in the example included "fonte" which is a role, not a named entity. Wait, "fonte" is a role, like a source, but in the example, it's included. So maybe in this case, the person is the subject, but since they aren't named, perhaps I can't include them. Therefore, the only participant is "militares" with high confidence. But the action of fleeing is done by someone, but since they are not named, maybe they are not considered. Alternatively, the person is a participant, but since they are not named, I can't assign a name, so maybe I should not include them. However, the definition says participants can be inferred from context. So maybe the person is a participant, but since they are not named, the confidence is low. But how to represent that. The example didn't have such a case. Alternatively, maybe the person is considered as "the individual" with low confidence. But the example didn't have that. This is a bit tricky. Let me check the example again. The example output includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So even if they refer to the same entity, they are listed. But in the current input, the subject is not mentioned. So perhaps the only participant is "militares". But the person who tried to flee is also a participant. However, since they are not named, maybe I can't include them. Alternatively, the person is considered as an entity, but since they are not named, the confidence is low. But the example didn't have such a case. Maybe the answer is just ["militares", 1.0] and that's it. But I need to make sure. Let me think again. The definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. The person who tried to flee is involved, but since they are not named, perhaps they are not included. The military are present, so they are participants. The person is impacted by the military's actions. But without a name, maybe they can't be included. So the answer would be ["militares", 1.0]. But maybe the person is considered as an entity. However, without a name, it's hard to represent. The example included "fonte" which is a role, not a name. So maybe in this case, the person is considered as "the individual" with a confidence. But the example didn't have that. Alternatively, maybe the person is not included because they are not explicitly mentioned. Therefore, the only participant is "militares".
</think>

[["militares", 1.0]]