<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input sentence: "O detido, com antecedentes criminais por ilícitos da mesma natureza, foi presente a primeiro interrogatório no Tribunal Judicial de Seia, ficando sujeito à medida de coação de prisão preventiva."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "O detido" – The person who was detained. This is an individual, so definitely a participant.
2. "Tribunal Judicial de Seia" – The court where the interrogation took place. This is an organization, so a participant.
3. "prisão preventiva" – Preventive detention. Wait, but this is a legal measure, not an entity. Maybe not a participant. The measure is applied to the detainee, so the entity here is the court or the legal system, but the term itself is a concept, not an entity. So probably not a participant.
4. "antecedentes criminais" – Criminal records. This refers to the detainee's past, but it's not an entity. So not a participant.
5. "ilícitos da mesma natureza" – Similar offenses. Again, this is a description of the crimes, not an entity. So not a participant.
6. "primeiro interrogatório" – First interrogation. This is an event, not an entity. So not a participant.
7. "medida de coação" – Coercive measure. Another legal term, not an entity. So not a participant.

Wait, but the user's example included things like "a aeronave" and "o motor" as participants. So even if they are objects, like parts of a plane, they are considered participants. So in this case, "O detido" is a person, definitely a participant. The court, "Tribunal Judicial de Seia," is an organization, so that's a participant. Are there any other entities?

The sentence mentions "foi presente a primeiro interrogatório no Tribunal Judicial de Seia." The court is the location where the event happened. But the court itself is an entity involved in the process. So that's a participant.

What about "prisão preventiva"? The preventive detention is a legal measure, but it's not an entity. The entity here would be the court or the legal system, but the term itself is a measure. So I think it's not a participant.

So the participants are "O detido" and "Tribunal Judicial de Seia." But wait, the example output included repeated entities. For instance, "Avião" and "o motor" were listed multiple times. In the given input, "O detido" is mentioned once, but the example had duplicates. However, in the example, they included all mentions, even if they are the same entity. So in this case, "O detido" is mentioned once, so it would be listed once. "Tribunal Judicial de Seia" is mentioned once. Are there any other entities?

Looking again: "foi presente a primeiro interrogatório no Tribunal Judicial de Seia." The court is the entity. Also, "medida de coação de prisão preventiva" is a legal measure, but not an entity. So no other entities.

Wait, the user's example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entities. So if the same entity is mentioned with different phrases, they are considered separate entries. In this case, "O detido" is mentioned once, so one entry. "Tribunal Judicial de Seia" is mentioned once. Are there any other entities?

The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations or individuals. The "primeiro interrogatório" is an event, not an entity. So the participants are "O detido" and "Tribunal Judicial de Seia."

But wait, the user's example included "aeroporto" and "os aeroportos" as separate entries. So if the same entity is mentioned in different forms, they are considered separate. In this case, "Tribunal Judicial de Seia" is mentioned once, so one entry. "O detido" is mentioned once. Are there any other entities?

No, I think that's it. So the output would be:

[["O detido", 0.95], ["Tribunal Judicial de Seia", 0.9]]

But wait, the example included "Lisboa" multiple times. So if a location is mentioned, even if it's the same place, each mention is a separate entry. However, in this case, "Tribunal Judicial de Seia" is mentioned once. "O detido" is mentioned once. So the final list would have those two entries with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["O detido", 0.95], ["Tribunal Judicial de Seia", 0.9]]