<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what counts as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "O acidente deu-se cerca das 15:30, na Rua Augusto Gil, tendo o homem caído de uma altura de sete metros, acrescentou a fonte."

Breaking it down, the main event is an accident. The participants here would be the man who fell and the source (fonte) that provided the information. The location, Rua Augusto Gil, is a place where the event happened, but is that considered a participant? The example given in the task includes locations like "aeroporto" and "Lisboa," so maybe places are included as participants. The time (15:30) is probably not a participant. 

So, the entities to extract are:
- "o homem" (the man) – definitely a participant as the victim.
- "a fonte" (the source) – mentioned as providing information, so they are involved.
- "Rua Augusto Gil" – the location, included in the example, so likely a participant.
- "sete metros" – the height, but that's a measurement, not an entity. Probably not a participant.
- "cerca das 15:30" – time, not an entity.

Wait, the example output includes "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants. So locations are included. So "Rua Augusto Gil" should be included. 

Now, checking for duplicates. The example had multiple mentions of the same entity with different confidence. For instance, "Avião" and "Um avião" are both listed. So even if the same entity is mentioned in different forms, each occurrence is listed separately. 

In the current input, "o homem" is mentioned once, "a fonte" once, "Rua Augusto Gil" once. So the output should be a list with these three entities, each with their confidence. 

Confidence scores: "o homem" is clearly a participant, so maybe 0.95. "a fonte" is mentioned as providing info, so 0.8. "Rua Augusto Gil" is the location, so 0.75. 

Wait, but the example includes "Lisboa" multiple times with varying confidence. So even if the same location is mentioned again, it's listed again. In this case, "Rua Augusto Gil" is mentioned once, so only once. 

So the final list would be:
["o homem", 0.95], ["a fonte", 0.8], ["Rua Augusto Gil", 0.75]
</think>

[["o homem", 0.95], ["a fonte", 0.8], ["Rua Augusto Gil", 0.75]]