<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they belong to based on the input text. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let me start by reading the input again carefully.

The input is: "Segundo fonte do Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Portalegre, o acidente ocorreu na zona da Bica, na freguesia de Beirã, tendo o corpo do homem sido encaminhado para o serviço de Medicina Legal do hospital de Portalegre."

Participants to classify are:
["fonte", "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Portalegre", "zona da Bica", "freguesia de Beirã", "o corpo do homem", "serviço de Medicina Legal", "hospital de Portalegre"]

Let me go one by one.

1. "fonte" – In the input, it's mentioned as "Segundo fonte do Comando...". The term "fonte" here likely refers to a person or source, but in the example given earlier, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person). However, sometimes "fonte" can be an organization, but in this context, it's more likely a person. Wait, in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" and "a mesma fonte" as "Per". So here, "fonte" would be a person. So class: Person.

2. "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Portalegre" – This is a full name of an organization. CDOS is a known emergency services command in Portugal. So this is an Organization.

3. "zona da Bica" – "zona" means area, and "Bica" is a place. This is a location. The example had "zona da Bica" classified as Location. So class: Location.

4. "freguesia de Beirã" – "freguesia" is a civil parish in Portugal. So this is a type of administrative division, which is a location. So class: Location.

5. "o corpo do homem" – This refers to the body of a man. It's an object, specifically a physical entity. So class: Object.

6. "serviço de Medicina Legal" – This is a legal medicine service, which is a facility or a department within a hospital. Since it's a service, maybe Facility? But in the example, "serviço de Medicina Legal" was classified as "Fac". Wait, in the example given earlier, "serviço de Medicina Legal" was under "Fac" (Facility). So here, same classification: Facility.

7. "hospital de Portalegre" – A hospital is a facility. So class: Facility.

Wait, but in the example, "hospital de Portalegre" was classified as "Fac". So yes, same here.

Let me double-check each:

- "fonte" – Person (Per)
- "Comando Distrital..." – Organization (Org)
- "zona da Bica" – Location (Loc)
- "freguesia de Beirã" – Location (Loc)
- "o corpo do homem" – Object (Obj)
- "serviço de Medicina Legal" – Facility (Fac)
- "hospital de Portalegre" – Facility (Fac)

I think that's correct. Let me make sure there's no other possible classifications. For example, "freguesia" is a type of administrative division, which is a location. "zona" is an area, so location. "serviço" as a service within a hospital is a facility. The body is an object. The organization is clearly an Org. The source is a person. The hospital is a facility. All seems right.
</think>

[["fonte", "Per"], ["Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Portalegre", "Org"], ["zona da Bica", "Loc"], ["freguesia de Beirã", "Loc"], ["o corpo do homem", "Obj"], ["serviço de Medicina Legal", "Fac"], ["hospital de Portalegre", "Fac"]]