<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Two injured in fight at Casal dos Machados in Lisbon". The participants to classify are ["Two injured", "fight", "Casal dos Machados", "Lisbon"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had some specific classifications like "Pl_capital" for Lisbon, which I think refers to a person's capital, but maybe that's a typo. Wait, looking back, in the example output, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital" but that might be a mistake. Wait, the user's example had "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital" but that doesn't make sense. Wait, maybe the classes are more specific. Wait, the original classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example, they used "Pl_capital" which might be a typo for "Location" or "Place". Hmm, maybe the user made a mistake in the example, but I need to follow the given classes.

Wait, the user provided an example where "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", but the actual classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe "Pl_capital" is a typo and should be "Location". But I need to follow the example's format. Wait, in the example output, the user used "Pl_capital" for Lisbon, but that's not one of the classes listed. Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example had a mistake, but I need to follow the classes as given. Let me check again.

The user's example output had entries like ["Lisbon", "Pl_capital"], but the classes are supposed to be Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps "Pl_capital" is a typo for "Location" or "Place". But since the user provided that example, maybe I should follow their classification even if it's inconsistent. Wait, but the user might have made a mistake in the example. Alternatively, maybe "Pl_capital" is a specific subclass under Location. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example had a mistake, and I should use the correct classes.

So for the current task, I need to classify each entity into one of the seven classes. Let's go through each participant.

1. "Two injured": This refers to people who were hurt. Since "injured" is a state, but the entity is "Two injured", which is a group of people. So this would be "Person".

2. "fight": A fight is an event or action, not an object. But the classes include Object. Wait, maybe "fight" is an event, but the classes don't have an event category. The closest might be "Object" or "Other". However, "fight" is an action, not a physical object. Maybe "Other" is the best fit here.

3. "Casal dos Machados": This is a place name, likely a neighborhood or district in Lisbon. So this would be "Location".

4. "Lisbon": This is a city, so "Location".

Wait, but in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which might be a mistake. But according to the given classes, "Location" is the correct class here.

So the classifications would be:

["Two injured", "Person"], ["fight", "Other"], ["Casal dos Machados", "Location"], ["Lisbon", "Location"].

But wait, "fight" might be an event, but since the classes don't have an event category, "Other" is the best fit. Alternatively, "Object" could be considered if "fight" is treated as an object, but that's a stretch. So "Other" seems correct.

Another check: "fight" is a noun here, referring to the event. Since the classes don't have an event category, "Other" is appropriate.

So the final answer should be the JSON list with those classifications.
</think>

[["Two injured", "Person"], ["fight", "Other"], ["Casal dos Machados", "Location"], ["Lisbon", "Location"]]