<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence from a news article, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified categories. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

First, I'll look at each participant one by one. 

Starting with "The slightly injured person". The term "person" clearly refers to an individual, so that's a Person. Even though they're injured, the classification is still Person.

Next is "the same hospital". A hospital is a Facility, right? Because it's a building or complex where medical services are provided. So that should be Facility.

Then "PSP source". PSP stands for Public Security Police, which is an organization. The term "source" here is part of the organization's name, so the whole thing is an Organization. 

Lastly, "source" alone. In the example given earlier, "source" was classified as Person, but here, the context is different. The input mentions "PSP source", which is an organization, but when it's just "source", it's unclear. However, in the example, "source" was considered a Person. But wait, in the example, the "source" was a person from the Public Security Police. Here, the "source" is mentioned again, but without the organization. However, the original sentence says "said the PSP source," so the "source" here is the same as the PSP source. But the participant to classify is just "source". Hmm. In the example, "source" was classified as Person, but maybe in this case, since it's just "source" without any modifier, it might be Other? Wait, but the example had "source" as Person. Let me check the example again. In the example, the output had ["source", "Per"], ["the same source", "Per"]. So "source" is considered a Person. But in this case, the "source" is part of the PSP, which is an organization. However, the term "source" here might refer to a person within the organization. So maybe "source" is still a Person. Alternatively, if the source is an organization, but in the example, it was a person. This is a bit confusing. 

Wait, the input sentence is: "The slightly injured person, aged 22, went to the same hospital by his own means”, said the PSP source." So the PSP source is the one speaking. The "source" here is a person from the PSP. Therefore, "source" is a Person. So even though it's part of an organization, the term "source" refers to a person. So I think "source" should be classified as Person here.

So the classifications would be:

- "The slightly injured person" → Person
- "the same hospital" → Facility
- "PSP source" → Organization (since PSP is the organization)
- "source" → Person

Wait, but in the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Organization. So "PSP source" is part of the organization. But the term "PSP source" is the name of the organization? Or is "PSP" the organization and "source" is a role? Hmm. The example had "Public Security Police" as an organization. So "PSP" is an abbreviation for that organization. Therefore, "PSP source" would be the organization's source, but the term "PSP source" is the name of the organization? Or is it a role within the organization? This is tricky. If the "PSP source" is referring to the organization itself, then it's an Organization. But if it's a person within the organization, then it's a Person. However, in the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as an Organization, so "PSP source" is likely the same as that organization. Wait, but in the example, "a Public Security Police" was an organization, but here "PSP source" is a role. Maybe "PSP source" is a person, but the example had "source" as a Person. 

Alternatively, maybe "PSP source" is the organization. But that doesn't make sense. The source is a person from the organization. So "PSP source" is the organization's source, which is a person. Therefore, "PSP source" would be a Person. But in the example, "a Public Security Police" was an Organization. So perhaps "PSP" is the organization, and "source" is a person. Therefore, "PSP source" is a Person. But that's conflicting with the example. 

Wait, the example had "a Public Security Police" as an Organization. So in the current input, "PSP source" is the same as "a Public Security Police" in the example. But in the example, the source was a person from the Public Security Police. So "PSP source" would be a person, hence Person. But the example had "a Public Security Police" as an Organization. So maybe "PSP source" is the organization, but that doesn't make sense. 

This is confusing. Let me think again. The example's input had "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." The output for "a Public Security Police" was Org. So "Public Security Police" is the organization, and the "source" is a person within that organization. Therefore, "PSP source" in the current input is the same as "a Public Security Police source" in the example. So "PSP source" would be a Person. But the example's output for "source" was Per. So in this case, "PSP source" is a Person. However, the participant to classify is "PSP source", which is a person. Therefore, "PSP source" is Person. But in the example, "a Public Security Police" was an Organization. So the classification for "PSP source" would be Person. 

But wait, the example's output for "a Public Security Police" was Org. So "PSP" is the organization. Therefore, "PSP source" is a person from that organization. So "PSP source" is a Person. Therefore, the classifications would be:

- "The slightly injured person" → Person
- "the same hospital" → Facility
- "PSP source" → Person
- "source" → Person

But in the example, "the same source" was classified as Per. So "source" here is Person. Therefore, all three instances of "source" (PSP source, source) are Person. However, the participant list includes "PSP source" and "source". So the answer would be:

[
  ["The slightly injured person", "Person"],
  ["the same hospital", "Facility"],
  ["PSP source", "Person"],
  ["source", "Person"]
]

But wait, the example had "source" as "Per" and "the same source" as "Per". So in this case, "source" is Person. So I think that's correct. However, the user might have intended "PSP source" as an Organization, but given the example, it's more likely that "PSP source" is a Person. So I'll go with that.
</think>

[["The slightly injured person", "Person"], ["the same hospital", "Facility"], ["PSP source", "Person"], ["source", "Person"]]