<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, organizations, places, etc., and they might be mentioned explicitly or inferred.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "O cadáver de um homem com cerca de 60 anos foi hoje encontrado a boiar no rio Douro, em Vila Nova de Gaia, tendo sido retirado da água pela Polícia Marítima, confirmou à Lusa o comandante da capitania do Porto."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are:

1. "O cadáver de um homem com cerca de 60 anos" – This is the deceased person. Even though it's referred to as a corpse, the entity is the man himself. But the text mentions "cadáver" (corpse), so maybe that's the entity. However, the example in the task included "Avião" and "o motor" as separate entities. Wait, the example had "Avião" and "o motor" as separate entries. So maybe even if it's a corpse, the entity is "um homem" or "o cadáver de um homem". Hmm, but the example included "Avião" and "o motor" as separate entities. So perhaps in this case, "o cadáver de um homem" is the entity. But the age is given as "cerca de 60 anos" – does that affect the entity? Probably not, since the entity is the person, not the age. But the example didn't include ages, just the entities. So maybe "um homem" is the entity here. Wait, the example had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So maybe even if it's the same thing, different mentions are considered separate entities. So in this case, "o cadáver de um homem" and "um homem" might be considered separate. But the user's example output had "Avião", "o motor", "Um avião", etc. So perhaps each mention is considered a separate entity, even if they refer to the same thing. Therefore, I need to list each occurrence as a separate entity.

So, looking at the input:

- "O cadáver de um homem com cerca de 60 anos" – this is the first mention. The entity here is "o cadáver de um homem" or "um homem"? The example included "Avião" and "o motor" as separate, so maybe "o cadáver de um homem" is the entity here. But the age is part of the description. However, the example didn't include the age, just the entity. So maybe "um homem" is the entity, with the age as a descriptor. But the example included "Avião" and "o motor" as separate, even though they refer to the same thing. So perhaps each mention is a separate entity. Therefore, "O cadáver de um homem" and "um homem" would be separate entries. Wait, but in the input, it's "O cadáver de um homem com cerca de 60 anos" – that's one mention. Then later, is there another mention of the same entity? Let me check the input again. The input only mentions the cadaver once. So maybe "O cadáver de um homem" is the entity here. But the example had "Avião" and "Um avião" as separate entries. So perhaps each occurrence is considered a separate entity. Therefore, "O cadáver de um homem" is one entity, and "um homem" is another? Wait, but in the input, it's "O cadáver de um homem" – that's one mention. Then later, is there another mention? Let me check again. The input is: "O cadáver de um homem com cerca de 60 anos foi hoje encontrado a boiar no rio Douro, em Vila Nova de Gaia, tendo sido retirado da água pela Polícia Marítima, confirmou à Lusa o comandante da capitania do Porto."

So the first entity is "O cadáver de um homem com cerca de 60 anos" – but the example in the task had "Avião" and "o motor" as separate, even though they refer to the same thing. So maybe each mention is considered a separate entity. However, in this case, the mention is "O cadáver de um homem com cerca de 60 anos" – that's one entity. Then, is there another mention of the same person? No, the text doesn't refer to him again. So that's one entity. But the example included "Avião" and "Um avião" as separate entries. So perhaps even if it's the same entity, different mentions are considered separate. Therefore, "O cadáver de um homem" and "um homem" would be separate. But in the input, the first mention is "O cadáver de um homem com cerca de 60 anos" – that's one entity. Then, is there another mention of "um homem"? No. So maybe that's one entity. But the example had "Avião", "Um avião", etc. So perhaps the user wants all mentions, even if they are the same entity. So in this case, "O cadáver de um homem" is one entity, and "um homem" is another? Wait, but in the input, it's "O cadáver de um homem" – that's one mention. Then, is there another mention of "um homem"? No. So maybe that's one entity. But the example included "Avião" and "Um avião" as separate. So perhaps the user wants each occurrence of the entity, even if it's the same thing. Therefore, in this case, "O cadáver de um homem" is one entity. But the example had "Avião" and "Um avião" as separate. So maybe the user wants all mentions, even if they are the same entity. Therefore, in this case, "O cadáver de um homem" is one entity. Then, the next part: "no rio Douro, em Vila Nova de Gaia" – "rio Douro" and "Vila Nova de Gaia" are places. Then "pela Polícia Marítima" – that's an organization. Then "confirmou à Lusa o comandante da capitania do Porto" – "Lusa" is an agency, "comandante da capitania do Porto" is a person (the commander), and "capitania do Porto" is an organization. Also, "à Lusa" is the agency. So the entities here would be:

- "O cadáver de um homem com cerca de 60 anos"
- "rio Douro"
- "Vila Nova de Gaia"
- "Polícia Marítima"
- "Lusa"
- "comandante da capitania do Porto"
- "capitania do Porto"

Wait, but in the example, "aeroporto" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" were separate. So in this case, "rio Douro" and "Vila Nova de Gaia" are separate. Also, "capitania do Porto" is an organization, and "comandante da capitania do Porto" is a person. But the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate. So in this case, "comandante da capitania do Porto" is a person, and "capitania do Porto" is an organization. So both would be included. Also, "Lusa" is an agency. Then, the user's example had "a ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" as an entity. So in this case, "Lusa" is an entity. Also, "à Lusa" is the same as "Lusa". So that's one entity. Then, "confirmou à Lusa o comandante da capitania do Porto" – so "o comandante da capitania do Porto" is a person. But the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. So "comandante da capitania do Porto" would be an entity here. Also, "capitania do Porto" is an organization. 

So compiling all the entities:

1. "O cadáver de um homem com cerca de 60 anos" – confidence high, maybe 0.95
2. "rio Douro" – 0.9
3. "Vila Nova de Gaia" – 0.9
4. "Polícia Marítima" – 0.95
5. "Lusa" – 0.95
6. "comandante da capitania do Porto" – 0.85
7. "capitania do Porto" – 0.9

Wait, but the example had "aeroporto" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as separate. So in this case, "rio Douro" and "Vila Nova de Gaia" are separate. Also, "capitania do Porto" is an organization, and "comandante da capitania do Porto" is a person. So both are entities. 

But the user's example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entities. So in this case, "comandante da capitania do Porto" is a person, and "capitania do Porto" is an organization. So both are included. 

So the final list would be:

["O cadáver de um homem com cerca de 60 anos", 0.95], ["rio Douro", 0.9], ["Vila Nova de Gaia", 0.9], ["Polícia Marítima", 0.95], ["Lusa", 0.95], ["comandante da capitania do Porto", 0.85], ["capitania do Porto", 0.9]

But wait, the example had "aeroporto" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as separate. So in this case, "rio Douro" and "Vila Nova de Gaia" are separate. Also, "capitania do Porto" is an organization, and "comandante da capitania do Porto" is a person. So both are included. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The input mentions the corpse, the river, the city, the police, Lusa, the commander, and the port authority. So those are the participants. The confidence scores are based on how clearly they are mentioned. The corpse is directly mentioned, so high confidence. The places and organizations are also clearly mentioned. The commander is a person, so high confidence. The port authority is an organization. So that's all.
</think>

[["O cadáver de um homem com cerca de 60 anos", 0.95], ["rio Douro", 0.9], ["Vila Nova de Gaia", 0.9], ["Polícia Marítima", 0.95], ["Lusa", 0.95], ["comandante da capitania do Porto", 0.85], ["capitania do Porto", 0.9]]