<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Segundo Rui Santos Amaral, a autoridade marítima foi “alertada por populares” que viram o “corpo de um homem a boiar junto ao cais flutuante de Santa Marinha”, em Vila Nova de Gaia, cerca das 17:20."

Breaking this down, the main event is the maritime authority being alerted by "populares" (which translates to "the public" or "people") about a body floating near a floating dock in Santa Marinha, Vila Nova de Gaia. The time is mentioned as around 17:20.

Now, identifying participants. The first part mentions "Rui Santos Amaral" as the person providing the information. Then "a autoridade marítima" (maritime authority) is the entity that was alerted. The "populares" are the ones who alerted them. The "corpo de um homem" (body of a man) is the subject of the alert. The location "cais flutuante de Santa Marinha" (floating dock of Santa Marinha) is part of the context. "Vila Nova de Gaia" is the city where the event happened. The time "17:20" is a temporal element but not an entity.

Wait, but the task says participants are entities involved or impacted. So, the maritime authority is involved, the people (populares) who alerted them, the body (though it's a corpse, but maybe considered an entity here), the location (Santa Marinha's dock), and the city Vila Nova de Gaia. Also, Rui Santos Amaral is mentioned as the source, so he's a participant as well.

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were parts of the sentence. So in this case, "Rui Santos Amaral" is an individual, "a autoridade marítima" is an organization, "populares" is a group, "corpo de um homem" is an entity, "cais flutuante de Santa Marinha" is a location, "Vila Nova de Gaia" is another location. The time is probably not included as an entity.

Now, checking for repetitions. The example had multiple mentions of the same entity, like "Avião" and "O avião" as separate entries. So here, if "a autoridade marítima" is mentioned once, and "a autoridade marítima" again, but in the input, it's only mentioned once. Similarly, "populares" is mentioned once. "Rui Santos Amaral" is mentioned once. The body is mentioned once. The locations are mentioned once each.

Confidence scores: For "Rui Santos Amaral", I'm confident, maybe 0.9. "a autoridade marítima" is 0.9. "populares" is 0.8. "corpo de um homem" is 0.7. "cais flutuante de Santa Marinha" is 0.8. "Vila Nova de Gaia" is 0.9. The time isn't included. Also, the example included "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as entities, so in this case, "Rui Santos Amaral" is a person, and "a autoridade marítima" is an organization. The "populares" is a group. The body is an entity. The locations are places.

Wait, but the example included "aeroporto" as an entity even without the full name. So here, "cais flutuante de Santa Marinha" is a specific location, so that's an entity. "Vila Nova de Gaia" is a city, so that's another entity. "populares" is a group. "corpo de um homem" is an entity. "Rui Santos Amaral" is a person. "a autoridade marítima" is an organization.

I think that's all. Let me list them with confidence scores.
</think>

[["Rui Santos Amaral", 0.9], ["a autoridade marítima", 0.9], ["populares", 0.8], ["corpo de um homem", 0.7], ["cais flutuante de Santa Marinha", 0.8], ["Vila Nova de Gaia", 0.9]]