<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, let's look at the input sentence: "A última apreensão aconteceu no sábado quando as autoridades descobriram uma embarcação com 600 quilos de caranguejo." Translating that, it's about a recent seizure that happened on Saturday when the authorities found a boat with 600 kilograms of crab.

Now, the participants to classify are: ["as autoridades", "uma embarcação", "600 quilos", "caranguejo"].

Starting with "as autoridades" – that translates to "the authorities." Authorities are typically organizations or groups, so I think this would fall under Organization (Org). But wait, sometimes "authorities" can refer to people, like government officials. However, in most contexts, especially in news articles, "as autoridades" refers to the organization or government body, so Org makes sense here.

Next, "uma embarcação" means "a boat." A boat is an object, so that's Object (Obj). 

Then, "600 quilos" is "600 kilograms." This is a quantity of something, but the class here is Object. Wait, the class options include Object, which can be physical items. However, "600 quilos" is a measurement, not an object itself. But looking at the example provided earlier, in the input where "600 quilos de caranguejo" was part of the sentence, the example classified "600 quilos" as Object. Wait, no, in the example given in the task, the participants were things like "Avião" (airplane), "o motor" (the engine), etc., and they were classified as Object. So maybe measurements like "600 quilos" are considered Objects here. Alternatively, maybe "600 quilos" is a quantity, but since it's part of the object (caranguejo), perhaps it's still classified as Object. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "600 quilos" is a measurement, which could be considered as Other, but the example didn't have such a case. Let me check the example again. In the example, "600 quilos" wasn't present, but the example had "o motor" as Obj. So maybe "600 quilos" is considered an Object here. Alternatively, maybe it's a measurement, which is a type of Object. I think in this context, it's safe to put it as Object (Obj).

Lastly, "caranguejo" is "crab." That's a living thing, so it's part of Nature (Nat). Wait, but the classes include Nature, which is for natural entities. However, in the example, "caranguejo" wasn't present, but if I think about it, a crab is an animal, so Nature would be the correct class here. However, sometimes in such classifications, if it's a commodity or product, it might be considered as Object. But in this case, the crab is the actual item being seized, so it's a natural entity. So Nature (Nat) seems right.

Wait, but looking back at the example provided in the task, the user had "caranguejo" in the input. Wait, no, in the example given in the task, the input was about an airplane, and the participants were things like "Avião", "o motor", etc. So maybe in this case, "caranguejo" is a type of animal, so Nature. But I need to make sure. Let me check the classes again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So Nature would be for natural entities like animals, plants, natural phenomena. So "caranguejo" (crab) is an animal, so Nature. 

Putting it all together:

- "as autoridades" → Organization (Org)
- "uma embarcação" → Object (Obj)
- "600 quilos" → Object (Obj)
- "caranguejo" → Nature (Nat)

Wait, but "600 quilos" is a quantity, not an object. Maybe that's a mistake. Let me think again. The example in the task had "600 quilos de caranguejo" but in the participants list, they had "600 quilos" as a separate entity. In the example, the output for "600 quilos" wasn't present, but looking at the example given, the user's output for similar cases like "600 quilos" wasn't there. However, in the example provided by the user, the participants included "600 quilos" and the output was classified as Object. Wait, no, the example given in the task was different. Let me check again. The example input was about an airplane, and the participants included things like "Avião", "o motor", etc., and the output for those were Obj. The user's example output included entries like ["600 quilos", "Obj"]? No, in the example provided, the user's input was different. Wait, the user's example input was about an airplane, and the participants to classify included "Avião", "o motor", etc., and the output for those was Obj. So in this case, "600 quilos" is a measurement, but since it's part of the object (caranguejo), maybe it's considered as Object. Alternatively, maybe it's a quantity, which is a type of Object. I think in this context, the answer expects "600 quilos" to be Object. So I'll go with that.

So the final classifications would be:

["as autoridades", "Org"], ["uma embarcação", "Obj"], ["600 quilos", "Obj"], ["caranguejo", "Nat"]
</think>

<Output>[["as autoridades", "Org"], ["uma embarcação", "Obj"], ["600 quilos", "Obj"], ["caranguejo", "Nat"]]</Output>