<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, I'll look at each entity one by one.

Starting with "os tripulantes" which translates to "the crew." Crew members are people, so that should be "Person."

Next, "o barco" means "the boat." A boat is an object, so that's "Object."

Then "Beira" is a city in Mozambique. Since it's a city, it's a location. The class here would be "Location," but in the example, they used "Pl_capital" for cities. Wait, the example had "Lisboa" classified as "Pl_capital," which is a specific type of location. However, the classes given here are more general: Location, Facility, etc. The example output used "Pl_capital" as a subclass under Location? Wait, looking back at the original classes, the user specified classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe "Pl_capital" is part of the Location class. But in the example, they used "Pl_capital" as the class, which might be a mistake. Wait, no, looking at the example output, the user provided:

For example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital," but according to the classes given, the options are Location, Facility, etc. Maybe the user intended "Pl_capital" as a subclass of Location, but the actual classes to use are the main ones. Wait, the original instruction says:

Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other

So "Pl_capital" might be an error in the example, but the user might have used that as a specific type. However, in the current task, the user says to use the classes as listed. So perhaps in this case, "Beira" is a city, so it's a Location. Similarly, "Moçambique" is a country, so that's a Location as well. 

Then "os fiscais" translates to "the officials" or "the inspectors." These are people, so "Person."

Wait, but in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person), and "a mesma fonte" as "Per" as well. So "os fiscais" would be "Person."

So compiling the classifications:

- os tripulantes: Person
- o barco: Object
- Beira: Location
- Moçambique: Location
- os fiscais: Person

Wait, but the example had "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital," which might be a specific subclass, but the user's classes don't include that. So maybe the user expects "Location" for cities and countries. So "Beira" is a city, so Location, and "Moçambique" is a country, also Location. 

I think that's the correct approach here. Let me double-check. The example had "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital," but the user's classes don't have that. Maybe that was a mistake in the example, but the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, "Beira" and "Moçambique" should be "Location."
</think>

[["os tripulantes", "Per"], ["o barco", "Obj"], ["Beira", "Location"], ["Moçambique", "Location"], ["os fiscais", "Per"]]