<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify the participants "A fonte" and "25 cães" into the given classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

First, looking at "A fonte". The word "fonte" translates to "source" in English. In the context of the sentence, it's referring to a source that provided information. The example given earlier had "fonte" classified as "Per" (Person), but I need to check if that's accurate here. However, in the example, "fonte" was part of "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública", which was a person. Here, "A fonte" is standalone. But in Portuguese, "fonte" can sometimes be a person or an organization. However, without additional context, it's safer to assume it's a person unless specified otherwise. But wait, in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" even when it was just "fonte" without any modifiers. So maybe here it's also a person. But I need to be careful. Alternatively, if "fonte" is an organization, but that's less common. Hmm.

Next, "25 cães". "Cães" means dogs. So "25 cães" is 25 dogs. The classes include Object, Nature, etc. Dogs are living beings, so maybe "Nature"? But the classes don't have an "Animal" category. The closest is "Nature" or "Object". However, "Object" is for inanimate things. Since dogs are living, maybe "Nature"? But I'm not sure. Alternatively, "Other" if none fit. Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "Nature" might be for natural elements, but animals could be considered part of nature. However, in the example, "a aeronave" was classified as "Obj" (Object). So maybe "cães" would be "Object" even though they're living. But that seems conflicting. Alternatively, maybe "Other" if it's not fitting into the other categories. But I need to check the example again. In the example, "o motor" was "Obj", "a aeronave" was "Obj", so maybe "cães" would be "Obj" as well. But that seems odd. Alternatively, maybe "Nature" is the right class here. However, I'm not certain. Let me think again. The classes are strict, so if "cães" are not a person, organization, location, facility, or nature, then "Other" might be the category. But I'm not sure. Maybe "Object" is the best fit here, even though they are living. Alternatively, maybe "Nature" is intended for natural elements like mountains, rivers, etc., not animals. Hmm. This is a bit tricky. 

Wait, looking back at the example, "aeroporto" was classified as "Fac" (Facility). "Lisboa" was "Pl_capital" (Location). So "cães" would be an object, but since they are living, maybe "Other"? But the example didn't have any animals. Maybe the correct classification here is "Object" for "25 cães" even though they are living. Alternatively, "Other" if the system doesn't have a category for animals. But the user's example didn't have such cases. Let me check the classes again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Since "cães" are not a person, organization, location, facility, or nature (assuming nature is for natural elements like rivers, forests, etc.), then "Other" might be the correct class. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, "Object" could be used for any entity that's not in the other categories. But I'm not certain. 

For "A fonte", in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person). So if "A fonte" is a person, then "Per" is correct. But if it's an organization or another entity, it might be different. However, without more context, "fonte" is likely a person here. So I'll go with "Per" for "A fonte" and "Object" for "25 cães" even though it's a bit conflicting. Alternatively, "Other" for the dogs. But I need to make a decision based on the given classes.
</think>

[["A fonte", "Per"], ["25 cães", "Obj"]]