<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "O assalto foi consumado entre as 12:00 e as 12:30 numa confeitaria de Milheirós de Poiares, Santa Maria da Feria, distrito de Aveiro, e os envolvidos atuaram de cara tapada."

Breaking it down, the main event is a robbery (assalto) that happened between 12:00 and 12:30 at a confeitaria (bakery) in Milheirós de Poiares, Santa Maria da Feria, district of Aveiro. The perpetrators (envolvidos) acted with their faces covered.

Now, identifying participants. The key entities here are:

1. The confeitaria (bakery) – the location where the robbery occurred. It's impacted by the event.
2. Milheirós de Poiares – a place, part of the location.
3. Santa Maria da Feria – another part of the location.
4. Distrito de Aveiro – the district, part of the location.
5. Os envolvidos – the perpetrators involved in the robbery. They are active participants.

Wait, the example output included "o motor" and "a aeronave" even though they were parts of the plane. So, even if an entity is a part of something else, like a motor or a bakery, they are considered participants if they are relevant. But in this case, the confeitaria is the location, but maybe it's considered a participant because it's the place where the event happened. However, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The bakery is impacted, so it should be included.

But looking at the example, they included "aeroporto" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as separate entities. Similarly, here, "confeitaria" and the specific locations (Milheirós de Poiares, Santa Maria da Feria, distrito de Aveiro) should be included. Also, "os envolvidos" is the group of people who committed the robbery. 

Wait, the example output had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So even if the same entity is mentioned in different forms, they are listed separately. So in this case, "confeitaria" is mentioned once, but the locations are separate. Also, "os envolvidos" is a group, so that's a participant.

Confidence scores: For "confeitaria", I'm pretty confident, maybe 0.9. The locations like Milheirós de Poiares, Santa Maria da Feria, and distrito de Aveiro are all part of the location, so they should be included with high confidence. "Os envolvidos" is the main participants, so high confidence. 

I need to make sure not to miss any. The time (12:00 to 12:30) is not a participant. The phrase "de cara tapada" describes the action but isn't an entity. So the final list should be:

["confeitaria", 0.9], ["Milheirós de Poiares", 0.8], ["Santa Maria da Feria", 0.8], ["distrito de Aveiro", 0.8], ["os envolvidos", 0.95]

Wait, but in the example, they included "Lisboa" multiple times. Here, "distrito de Aveiro" is a single mention. Also, the example included "aeroportos" as a plural, but here it's "confeitaria" singular. So I think each unique mention is considered. Let me check again.

The input says "numa confeitaria de Milheirós de Poiares, Santa Maria da Feria, distrito de Aveiro". So the confeitaria is located in Milheirós de Poiares, which is in Santa Maria da Feria, which is in the district of Aveiro. So all three are locations. The confeitaria is the specific place, and the other terms are parts of the location hierarchy. But according to the example, even parts of the location are included. So I should list all of them.

Also, "os envolvidos" is the group of people involved. So the final list would be those four entities. The confidence scores are estimates based on how clearly they are mentioned. The confeitaria is directly mentioned, so high confidence. The locations are part of the address, so maybe 0.8 each. "Os envolvidos" is the main participants, so 0.95.
</think>

[["confeitaria", 0.9], ["Milheirós de Poiares", 0.8], ["Santa Maria da Feria", 0.8], ["distrito de Aveiro", 0.8], ["os envolvidos", 0.95]]