<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Um dos assaltantes foi detido ainda em Milheirós de Poiares e o outro continuava a ser procurado cerca da 14:30." 

Breaking it down, the main event is an armed robbery with two assailants. The first part mentions "um dos assaltantes" (one of the robbers) being detained in Milheirós de Poiares. The second part says the other was still being sought around 14:30.

So, participants would include the two assaltantes (robbers), the location Milheirós de Poiares, and possibly the authorities involved in the detention and search. However, the text doesn't explicitly mention the police or any organization, so I should only include what's there.

"Um dos assaltantes" and "o outro" refer to the two individuals involved. "Milheirós de Poiares" is a location where one was detained. The time "cerca da 14:30" is a time reference, not an entity. 

Wait, the example output included "Lisboa" multiple times as a location. So locations are considered participants. Also, "aeroporto" and other places were included. So in this case, "Milheirós de Poiares" should be a participant. 

But the user's example output included "o motor" (the motor) as a participant. So even if it's a part of something, like the motor of the plane, it's considered a participant. In this case, the assaltantes are the main participants. The location is also a participant. 

So the entities here are: "um dos assaltantes", "o outro", "Milheirós de Poiares", and maybe "a 14:30" as a time, but the example didn't include times. The example included locations and entities like "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So time might not be considered here. 

Therefore, the participants are the two assaltantes and the location Milheirós de Poiares. However, the text says "Um dos assaltantes" and "o outro", which are both referring to the same group of two. So maybe "assaltantes" as a collective, but the example included "Um avião" and "o motor" as separate entities. So each mention should be considered individually. 

So in the output, "Um dos assaltantes" and "o outro" would be separate entries. Also, "Milheirós de Poiares" is a location. 

Confidence: For "Um dos assaltantes" and "o outro", confidence is high since they are directly mentioned. For "Milheirós de Poiares", it's a place where the event happened, so also high confidence. 

I need to make sure not to include any other entities. The time "cerca da 14:30" is not an entity, just a time. So the final list would be:

["Um dos assaltantes", 0.95], ["o outro", 0.95], ["Milheirós de Poiares", 0.9]
</think>

[["Um dos assaltantes", 0.95], ["o outro", 0.95], ["Milheirós de Poiares", 0.9]]