<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. Participants are entities involved in or affected by the event. The example provided shows that even things like "engine" or "airport" can be considered participants if they're relevant.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "The fire, which broke out at 7:55 pm on Saturday, was extinguished at 8:20 pm by the Espinho Volunteer Firefighters."

Breaking it down, the main event is a fire that occurred and was extinguished. The participants here would be the fire itself, the Espinho Volunteer Firefighters who extinguished it, and possibly the time elements, but the example didn't include times, so maybe not. Wait, in the example given, they included "7:55 pm" as part of the entity? Wait, looking back at the example input and output, the example input had times like "5:50 pm" and "6:32 p.m." but in the output, they included "the same source" and "Lusa." but not the times. Wait, the example output had "at 5:50 pm" as part of the entity? Let me check again.

Wait, the example input had "the alert for an emergency landing due to the aircraft having a stopped engine, according to the same source, was given at 5:50 pm." In the output, they included "5:50 pm" as part of the entity? No, looking at the example output, the elements are like "a Public Security Police", "engine", "the aircraft", etc. Wait, the example output includes "the same source" and "Lusa." but not the times. So maybe times aren't considered participants here. The user's definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. So times might not be considered entities. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as an entity. So the phrase "at Humberto Delgado Airport" is considered a participant. So maybe prepositional phrases with locations are included. Similarly, "the airports of Farnborough, England, and Lisbon" is included as "the airports" and "Farnborough", "England", "Lisbon".

So in the current input, the fire is an event, but the participants would be the fire itself, the Espinho Volunteer Firefighters, and maybe the location where the fire broke out? But the input doesn't mention a specific location, just the time. Wait, the input says "The fire, which broke out at 7:55 pm on Saturday, was extinguished at 8:20 pm by the Espinho Volunteer Firefighters." So the fire is the main event, and the Espinho Volunteer Firefighters are the ones who extinguished it. The time elements are probably not considered participants. 

So the participants here would be "The fire", "Espinho Volunteer Firefighters", and maybe "Saturday" if it's considered a participant. But the example didn't include days of the week. Let me check the example again. The example output included "Saturday" in the input but not in the output. Wait, the input in the example had "at 5:50 pm" and "6:32 p.m." but the output didn't include those times. So maybe times and dates are not considered participants. 

Therefore, the participants here are "The fire" and "Espinho Volunteer Firefighters". Also, maybe "the Espinho Volunteer Firefighters" is the group, so that's one entity. 

Wait, the example output included "the same source" and "a Public Security Police" as entities. So if the input mentions a group, like "Espinho Volunteer Firefighters", that's a participant. 

So the output should be:

["The fire", 1.0], ["Espinho Volunteer Firefighters", 1.0]

But wait, the example included "the aircraft" and "the same source" as entities. So the fire is an event, but the definition says participants are entities involved in or impacted by the event. The fire itself is the event, but maybe it's considered a participant. Alternatively, maybe the fire is not an entity but the event. However, the example included "the aircraft" as a participant. So in that case, the fire would be considered a participant. 

So I think the correct answer here is to list "The fire" and "Espinho Volunteer Firefighters" as participants. The confidence for "The fire" is high, maybe 1.0, and for "Espinho Volunteer Firefighters" also 1.0. 

I need to make sure there are no other entities. The input mentions "Saturday" but that's a time, not an entity. The times are not included in the example output. So the final answer should be those two entities with confidence 1.0 each.
</think>

[["The fire", 1.0], ["Espinho Volunteer Firefighters", 1.0]]