<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "The PSP informed the Judicial Police of this case, which will continue with the respective investigation."

First, I need to identify all entities here. "PSP" is likely a group or organization. In Portugal, PSP stands for Polícia de Segurança Pública, which is a police force. So that's a participant. Then "Judicial Police" is another entity, probably an organization. The case and investigation are events, but they might not be participants unless they are entities. However, the instruction says participants are entities involved, so maybe the case isn't a participant. The investigation is part of the action but not an entity. 

Wait, the example given in the task included things like "Plane", "engine", "airport", etc. So even if something is a part of the event, like "engine failure", they included "engine" as a participant. So in this case, "case" and "investigation" might not be participants unless they are named entities. But here, they are just mentioned as "this case" and "the respective investigation", which are not named entities. 

So the main participants here are "PSP" and "Judicial Police". Are there any others? The sentence says "the Judicial Police of this case" – but "of this case" is a prepositional phrase, not an entity. The "respective investigation" is part of the action but not an entity. 

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In the input, "the Judicial Police" is an organization, so that's a participant. "PSP" is another organization. Are there any other entities? The sentence doesn't mention any other groups, individuals, or organizations. 

So the output should be ["PSP", "Judicial Police"]. Now, confidence levels. "PSP" is a known entity in Portugal, so confidence is high, maybe 0.95. "Judicial Police" is also a known entity, so 0.9. 

Wait, but in the example, they included "source" as a participant. In the input, the source was "a Public Security Police source". Here, the source isn't mentioned, but the entities are PSP and Judicial Police. So I think those are the only participants. 

So the JSON array would be [["PSP", 0.95], ["Judicial Police", 0.9]].
</think>

[["PSP", 0.95], ["Judicial Police", 0.9]]