<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants listed. The input is a sentence where Veríssimo Pandamari is quoted by the Angolan news agency, Angop, talking about men being detained during an operation called "Kudissanga" with public members' collaboration.

The participants to classify are: "Veríssimo Pandamari", "Angolan news agency", "Angop", "the men", "members of the public".

Starting with "Veríssimo Pandamari". The name sounds like a person's name. The class Per is for human individuals or characters. So that's likely Per. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "Angolan news agency". That's an organization, so Org. The class Org includes companies, governments, etc. Confidence around 0.9.

"Angop" is the abbreviation for Agência Angolana de Noticias, which is a news agency. So that's also an organization, Org. Confidence 0.95.

"The men" refers to people who were detained. Since they are human individuals, that's Per. But wait, the example had "the men" as Per? Let me check the example. In the previous example, "the men" was classified as Per. Yes, because they are individuals. So here, same logic. Confidence 0.85.

"Members of the public" are people, so Per. But wait, the example had "members of the public" as Per? Let me check. In the previous example, "members of the public" was classified as Per. Yes. So that's Per. Confidence 0.8.

Wait, but in the example given in the task description, "members of the public" was not present, but in the example output, "source" was Per. So here, "members of the public" are people, so Per. But maybe some might argue if it's a group. However, according to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, etc. So "members of the public" is a group of individuals, so Per. So that's correct.

So the classifications would be:

Veríssimo Pandamari: Per (0.95)
Angolan news agency: Org (0.9)
Angop: Org (0.95)
the men: Per (0.85)
members of the public: Per (0.8)

I need to make sure that each entity is correctly mapped. Let me double-check each one again.

Veríssimo Pandamari is a person's name, definitely Per.

Angolan news agency is an organization, Org.

Angop is the news agency, Org.

The men are individuals, Per.

Members of the public are people, so Per. Even though they are a group, the class Per includes groups of individuals. Wait, the definition says Per includes individuals or groups? Wait, the definition says Per is for human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. Wait, the example given for Per is "O rapaz" (the boy), which is an individual. But "members of the public" are a group. Hmm, maybe the classification for groups would be Org? Wait, no. The Org class is for organizations, companies, etc. So if "members of the public" is a group of people, but not an organization, then it's Per. Because Per includes individuals and groups of individuals. Wait, the definition says Per is entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. So groups of people would be considered as Per? Or is that considered as Org?

Wait, looking back at the classes:

Per: human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities.

Org: entities with organizational structure (companies, governments, teams, institutions).

So "members of the public" is a group of individuals, not an organization. So they are Per. Because they are people, even if grouped. So yes, Per.

So the classifications are correct as above.
</think>

<Output>[["Veríssimo Pandamari", "Per", 0.95], ["Angolan news agency", "Org", 0.9], ["Angop", "Org", 0.95], ["the men", "Per", 0.85], ["members of the public", "Per", 0.8]]</Output>