<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "The attempted trafficking of these minors is the third recorded this year, after the first at the beginning of the year and the second in July."

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main event is the trafficking of minors. The participants would be the minors being trafficked, the traffickers (though not explicitly named), and possibly any organizations or authorities involved. But the text doesn't mention specific groups or names. 

The phrase "attempted trafficking" implies the traffickers are involved, but since they aren't named, maybe they aren't included. The minors are definitely participants as victims. The text mentions "these minors," so "minors" is an entity. 

Other parts: "third recorded this year," "first at the beginning," "second in July." These are events, not participants. The time references (year, beginning, July) are not entities. 

So the only explicit participant is "minors." However, the traffickers are implied but not named. The instruction says to include entities that are actively involved or impacted. Since the minors are impacted, they are participants. The traffickers are involved but not mentioned, so maybe they aren't included. 

Wait, the example given in the task includes entities like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., even if they are parts of the event. So maybe even abstract nouns like "trafficking" or "minors" are considered. But in the example, "engine" and "stopped engine" are included. So maybe "minors" is the only participant here. 

But the example output includes "source," "Lusa," etc., which are entities. In the current input, there's no mention of any specific groups or organizations. So the only participant is "minors." However, "attempted trafficking" is an event, not an entity. 

Wait, the definition says participants can be inferred from context. But in this case, the only explicit mention is "minors." The traffickers are not named, so they might not be included. 

So the output would be ["minors", 1.0], but I need to check if there's anything else. The text mentions "third recorded this year," but "year" is a time, not a participant. 

Therefore, the only participant is "minors." But wait, the example includes "plane," "engine," etc., which are parts of the event. However, in the example, "engine" is part of the event. But in the current case, "minors" are the victims, so they are participants. 

I think that's the only one. So the JSON array would be [["minors", 1.0]].
</think>

[["minors", 1.0]]