<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence in Portuguese where the president of the Assembly of the Republic, Ferro Rodrigues, announces the start of a debate because the executive members aren't present.

The participants to classify are: ["o presidente da Assembleia da República", "Ferro Rodrigues", "os membros do executivo", "a Assembleia da República", "o expediente"].

The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let's go through each one.

1. "o presidente da Assembleia da República" – This is a person, specifically the president. The title refers to a person, so class Person.

2. "Ferro Rodrigues" – This is the name of a person, the president. So Person.

3. "os membros do executivo" – "Executivo" here likely refers to the executive branch of government, so the members would be people. But the term "membros do executivo" is a group of people, so maybe Organization? Wait, but "executivo" can be an organization. However, the members themselves are people. Hmm. Wait, the class "Organization" is for organizations, while "Person" is for individuals. If "os membros" are individuals, then it's Person. But if "executivo" is an organization, then "os membros" would be part of that organization. But the term "membros do executivo" is a group of people, so maybe Person. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, "executivo" as an organization, so "os membros" would be part of that organization. But the class "Organization" is for the organization itself, not its members. So "os membros" are people, so Person. But maybe the answer is Organization? Wait, the example had "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as Org. So if "executivo" is an organization, then "os membros do executivo" would be people, so Person. But maybe "executivo" is an organization, so "os membros" are part of that organization. Wait, but the class "Organization" is for the organization, not the members. So "os membros" would be Person. I think that's right.

4. "a Assembleia da República" – This is an organization, the Assembly of the Republic. So Org.

5. "o expediente" – "Expediente" refers to the agenda or the formal business to be conducted, which is an object. So Obj.

Let me check the example again. In the example, "aeroporto" was classified as Facility. So "a Assembleia da República" is an organization, so Org. "o expediente" is an object. The president is a person. Ferro Rodrigues is a person. "os membros do executivo" are people, so Person. 

Wait, but in the example, "fonte" (source) was classified as Person. So if "os membros" are people, then Person. So the classifications would be:

["o presidente da Assembleia da República", "Per"], ["Ferro Rodrigues", "Per"], ["os membros do executivo", "Per"], ["a Assembleia da República", "Org"], ["o expediente", "Obj"].

That seems correct. Let me make sure there's no other possible classifications. "a Assembleia da República" is definitely an organization. "o expediente" is an object. The president and Ferro Rodrigues are people. The members are people. So yes.
</think>

[["o presidente da Assembleia da República", "Per"], ["Ferro Rodrigues", "Per"], ["os membros do executivo", "Per"], ["a Assembleia da República", "Org"], ["o expediente", "Obj"]]