<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "“Assim que chegarem, começaremos de imediato o debate”, disse." And the participants to classify are "chegarem" and "começaremos".

First, I need to understand what each of these words refers to. "Chegarem" is the subjunctive form of "chegar" (to arrive), so in this context, it's part of the clause "Assim que chegarem" which means "As soon as they arrive." The subject here is implied, probably "they" (they arrive). But the word itself is a verb form, not a noun. However, in the participants list, we have to classify the entities as per the classes given: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

Wait, but "chegarem" is a verb, not a noun. The classes don't include verbs. The example given in the task had entities like "Avião" (plane) classified as Object. So maybe the task is to classify the entities based on their role in the sentence, even if they are verbs. But the example didn't have verbs, so perhaps I need to check if these are entities. 

Looking at the participants: "chegarem" and "começaremos". Both are verbs in their respective forms. The classes don't have a "Verb" category. The closest might be "Other" if they don't fit into the other categories. But the example had "fonte" (source) classified as Person, which is a noun. So maybe in this case, since these are verbs, they don't fit into any of the given classes except "Other". 

Alternatively, maybe "chegarem" refers to the action of arriving, but the classes don't have an action category. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "chegarem" is an action, not an entity. Therefore, they might be classified as "Other". 

Similarly, "começaremos" is the verb "to begin" in future tense. Again, not an entity. So both would be "Other". 

But wait, the example had "fonte" (source) as Person. However, "fonte" is a noun. So if the participants are verbs, they might not be classified under any of the main categories. Hence, "Other" would be the correct class here. 

So the final answer would be both "chegarem" and "começaremos" classified as "Other".
</think>

[["chegarem", "Other"], ["começaremos", "Other"]]