<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each participant listed into one of the given classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, I'll read through the input again to understand the context. The sentence mentions the Prime Minister, António Costa, arriving at 10:11. Then, after the ministers rearranged the chairs on the Government bench, including Ana Gomes Godinho (Labor) and João Pedro Matos Fernandes (Environment), the Minister of Finance started his speech a minute later.

Now, looking at the participants to classify:

1. "António Costa" – This is clearly a person's name, the Prime Minister of Portugal. So, class should be Person.

2. "os ministros" – "Os ministros" translates to "the ministers," which are people holding government positions. So, this should be Person as well.

3. "Ana Gomes Godinho" – Another person's name, specifically mentioned as the Minister of Labor. Definitely a Person.

4. "João Pedro Matos Fernandes" – Another person's name, the Minister of Environment. Also a Person.

5. "o titular das Finanças" – This translates to "the holder of Finance," which refers to the Minister of Finance. Since it's a person holding that position, this should be Person too.

Wait, but I need to check if any of these could be classified differently. For example, "os ministros" is a group of people, but the class is Person, not Organization. The classes don't have a "Group" category, so "os ministros" would still be Person. Similarly, "o titular das Finanças" is a role held by a person, so Person is correct.

I don't see any organizations, locations, objects, or other entities in the list. All the participants are individuals or roles filled by people. So the classifications should all be Person.
</think>

[["António Costa", "Per"], ["os ministros", "Per"], ["Ana Gomes Godinho", "Per"], ["João Pedro Matos Fernandes", "Per"], ["o titular das Finanças", "Per"]]