<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence where I need to classify each participant into the given categories. The participants listed are: "A 61-year-old man", "Carreiras", "the municipality of Portalegre", "a GNR source", and "Lusa." 

First, I'll go through each one step by step. 

Starting with "A 61-year-old man". This clearly refers to a person. The age and the descriptor "man" indicate a person, so the class should be "Person".

Next is "Carreiras". That sounds like a place name. Since it's mentioned as a location where the event happened, it's likely a Location. But I should check if it's a proper noun. Carreiras might be a town or a district. In the example given earlier, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", but here, "Carreiras" is part of the municipality of Portalegre. So maybe it's a Location, but not a capital. However, the class options don't have subcategories like "Pl_capital" or "Pl_civil" in this case. Wait, looking back at the classes, the options are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Carreiras" is a location, so "Location".

Then "the municipality of Portalegre". A municipality is an administrative division, which is a type of location. So that would be "Location" as well. But wait, in the example, "the airports" were classified as "Fac" (Facility). However, "municipality" is more of a political or administrative area, not a facility. So "Location" makes sense here.

Next, "a GNR source". GNR is a Portuguese police force, so "GNR" stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana. Therefore, "a GNR source" would be an organization, as it's referring to a source from the GNR. So "Organization".

Lastly, "Lusa." Lusa is the acronym for Agência Lusa, which is a Portuguese news agency. That's clearly an organization, so "Organization".

Wait, but in the example, "Lusa." was classified as "Org". So same here. 

Let me double-check each one again:

- "A 61-year-old man" is a person.
- "Carreiras" is a location (a place).
- "the municipality of Portalegre" is a location (administrative area).
- "a GNR source" is an organization (GNR is an organization).
- "Lusa." is an organization.

I think that's correct. No other classes seem to fit here. The "source" in "a GNR source" is part of the organization, so it's still "Organization". The "municipality" is a location, not a facility. "Carreiras" is a location. All set.
</think>

[["A 61-year-old man", "Person"], ["Carreiras", "Location"], ["the municipality of Portalegre", "Location"], ["a GNR source", "Organization"], ["Lusa.", "Organization"]]