<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, I'll look at each entity one by one.

Starting with "the same source". In the example provided earlier, "source" was classified as "Per" (Person), and "the same source" was also "Per". But wait, in the example, the source was a person, like a Public Security Police source. Here, the context is "the same source" which probably refers to a person or an organization. But since the example had "source" as "Per", maybe here it's also a person. However, I need to check the context. The sentence says "According to the same source..." which might be a news source or an organization. Wait, in the example, "Lusa." was classified as "Org" (Organization). But "source" without any qualifier might be a person. Hmm, but in the example, "source" was "Per", but here, maybe it's different. Wait, the example had "a Public Security Police source" which was "Per" (Person). But here, "the same source" could be an organization if it's a news agency. But the input doesn't specify. Wait, the input here is a different sentence. Let me check the input again. The input is: "According to the same source, the alert to the GNR was given at around 7:00 am, after the man was seen by members of the public, inside his vehicle, allegedly dead." So "the same source" is likely referring to a previous source mentioned, which might be an organization or a person. But without more context, maybe it's safer to classify as "Other" or "Per" if it's a person. But in the example, "source" was "Per", but that was in a context where it was a person. Here, maybe it's an organization. Wait, but the example's "source" was part of "a Public Security Police source", which was a person. So "source" in that case was a person. But here, "the same source" could be a person or an organization. Since the example had "source" as "Per", maybe here it's also "Per". But I'm not sure. Maybe "source" is an organization. Alternatively, maybe "source" is a person. Hmm. This is a bit ambiguous. I'll go with "Per" as in the example.

Next, "GNR". GNR is a Portuguese police force, so that's an organization. So "GNR" should be "Org".

"The man" is clearly a person, so "Per".

"Members of the public" refers to people, so "Per".

"His vehicle" is an object, so "Obj".

Wait, but in the example, "aircraft" was "Obj", "engine" was "Obj", etc. So "vehicle" would be "Obj".

So compiling the list:

["the same source", "Per"], ["GNR", "Org"], ["the man", "Per"], ["members of the public", "Per"], ["his vehicle", "Obj"]

But wait, in the example, "the same source" was classified as "Per". But in the example, "source" was part of "a Public Security Police source", which was a person. Here, "the same source" might be an organization if it's a news agency. But without more context, I have to rely on the example. Since the example had "source" as "Per", I'll follow that unless there's a reason to think otherwise. But maybe "source" here is an organization. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "source" is "Other" if it's not clear. But the example used "Per" for "source" when it was a person. Since the example's input had "a Public Security Police source" which was a person, but here, "the same source" could be a person or an organization. But without more info, I'll stick with "Per" as in the example.

So the final classifications would be as above.
</think>

[["the same source", "Per"], ["GNR", "Org"], ["the man", "Per"], ["members of the public", "Per"], ["his vehicle", "Obj"]]