<think>
Okay, let's see. The task is to extract all participants from the given input text. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like organizations, people, places, or specific terms mentioned. The input here is "MP accuses Braga GNR agent of embezzlement and abuse of power".

First, I need to identify all the entities that are participants in this sentence. The main participants would be the MP (Member of Parliament) and the Braga GNR agent. The GNR is the Portuguese National Republican Guard, so Braga GNR would be the local unit in Braga. The term "agent" refers to the person working for the GNR. Also, "embezzlement" and "abuse of power" are the accusations, but those are actions, not participants. The location Braga is mentioned, so that's a place. However, in the example, places like Lisbon and airports were included as participants. Wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was listed twice, once as a city and once as part of the airport name. So maybe any proper noun or specific entity is considered a participant.

So breaking down the input sentence: "MP" is an entity, "Braga GNR agent" is another participant. "Braga" is a city, so that's a participant. "GNR" is an organization, so "Braga GNR" would be the organization. The agent is a person working there. Also, "embezzlement" and "abuse of power" are not participants. The word "accuses" is a verb, not a participant. 

Wait, in the example output, "engine" was included, but that's a part of the aircraft. However, in the example, "to engine" and "a stopped engine" were listed. So maybe any noun phrase that's a specific entity or object is considered a participant. But in this case, "embezzlement" and "abuse of power" are not objects but the actions. So perhaps the participants are the entities involved in the accusation. That would be the MP, the Braga GNR agent, and the Braga GNR itself. Also, the city Braga is mentioned, so that's a participant. 

Wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was listed multiple times. So even if a place is mentioned multiple times, each occurrence is included. So in this case, "Braga" would be included once. Also, "GNR" as an organization. So the participants would be:

- MP
- Braga GNR agent
- Braga GNR
- Braga

But wait, in the example, "the airports" was included. So if "airports" is a plural noun, but in the input here, "Braga GNR agent" is a specific person. Also, "agent" is a role, but the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So maybe any noun phrase that's a specific entity. 

Alternatively, maybe the participants are the entities being accused or the accuser. So the MP is the accuser, and the Braga GNR agent is the accused. The GNR is the organization. The city Braga is a location. 

So the output list would be:

["MP", "Braga GNR agent", "Braga GNR", "Braga"]

But I need to check if "GNR" is considered a participant. In the example, "Public Security Police" was included as a participant. So yes, organizations are included. Also, "Braga GNR" is the specific unit. 

Another thing: the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. So if there's a mention of a source, it's included. In this case, there's no source mentioned, so that's not applicable here. 

So the final list would be:

["MP", "Braga GNR agent", "Braga GNR", "Braga"]

I need to make sure that all proper nouns and specific entities are included. "Braga" is a city, so it's a participant. "GNR" is an organization. The agent is a person. The MP is a person. So that's the list.
</think>

["MP", "Braga GNR agent", "Braga GNR", "Braga"]