<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "Covid-19: GNR acabou com festa ilegal com 50 pessoas em São Brás de Alportel". The participants to classify are ["GNR", "50 pessoas", "São Brás de Alportel"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "GNR". I know that GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is the Portuguese National Republican Guard. That's a government agency, so it's an Organization. 

Next, "50 pessoas" translates to "50 people". The class "Person" is for individuals, but here it's a group of people. However, the class "Person" might still apply if it's referring to people collectively. Wait, but the example given earlier had "fonte" (source) classified as "Per" (Person), which might be a bit confusing. However, "50 pessoas" is a count of people, so maybe it's "Person" as a collective noun. Alternatively, maybe "Other" if it's not a specific person. But the example had "50 pessoas" in a similar context, but in the example provided earlier, the user didn't include that. Wait, in the example given in the task, the participants included "50 pessoas" but the output wasn't shown. Wait, no, the example given was different. Let me check again. The example input was about an airplane emergency, and the participants included things like "Avião", "o motor", etc. The output for "50 pessoas" isn't in that example. Hmm. 

But in the current task, "50 pessoas" is a group of people. The class "Person" might be for individual people, but "50 pessoas" is a collective. However, in the example given in the task, "fonte" (source) was classified as "Per" (Person), even though it's a generic term. So maybe "50 pessoas" is considered "Person" as a collective. Alternatively, maybe "Other" if it's not a specific entity. But I think "Person" is the right class here because it's referring to people, even in plural.

Then "São Brás de Alportel" is a place name. In the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is a subcategory under Location. So "São Brás de Alportel" is a town in Portugal, so it's a Location. The class would be "Location" or a subcategory like "Pl_municipality" or similar. But the example used "Pl_capital" for "Lisboa", which is a city and a capital. Since the classes here are more general, maybe just "Location" is sufficient. However, in the example output, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is a specific type of Location. But the user's instruction says to use the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Location" is one of the main classes. Therefore, "São Brás de Alportel" would be "Location".

So the classifications would be:

- GNR: Organization
- 50 pessoas: Person
- São Brás de Alportel: Location

Wait, but in the example given in the task, "aeroporto" was classified as "Fac" (Facility), and "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital". However, the user's instruction says to use the main classes, not the subcategories. Wait, looking back at the initial example's output, the classes used were "Obj", "Fac", "Pl_capital", etc. But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Pl_capital" might be a mistake. Wait, the example output had entries like ["Lisboa", "Pl_capital"], but the classes listed are "Location", so maybe "Pl_capital" is a typo or a subcategory. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, perhaps "Pl_capital" is not a valid class here. Wait, the user's instruction says:

Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other

So "Pl_capital" isn't one of the classes. That might be a mistake in the example. But the user provided that example, so maybe they expect similar subcategories. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, perhaps "Lisboa" should be classified as "Location" instead of "Pl_capital". But the example shows "Pl_capital", which is conflicting. 

This is a bit confusing. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, "São Brás de Alportel" is a Location. So the correct classification would be:

["GNR", "Organization"], ["50 pessoas", "Person"], ["São Brás de Alportel", "Location"]

But I need to make sure. Let me check again. The example output had "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", but according to the classes given, it should be "Location". However, the user might have used subcategories in the example, but the instruction says to use the main classes. Therefore, perhaps the example is incorrect, but the user expects us to follow the main classes. Therefore, "São Brás de Alportel" is a Location. 

So the final answer would be:

[["GNR", "Organization"], ["50 pessoas", "Person"], ["São Brás de Alportel", "Location"]]
</think>

<Output>[["GNR", "Organization"], ["50 pessoas", "Person"], ["São Brás de Alportel", "Location"]]</Output>