<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "Os militares desmobilizaram as pessoas para “cumprimento das normas referentes à pandemia de covid-19”." And the participants to classify are "Os militares" and "as pessoas".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier used classes like Obj, Fac, Pl_capital, etc. Wait, but in the example, they used abbreviations like "Pl_capital" for Location, maybe? Or was that a typo? Wait, looking back at the example output, they have entries like ["Lisboa", "Pl_capital"], which seems like a specific code for Location. But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe "Pl_capital" is a mistake, and it should be "Location" instead. But the example shows "Pl_capital" as a class. Hmm, that's confusing. Wait, maybe the user made a mistake in the example, but the actual classes to use are the ones listed: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So I should use those exact class names, not the abbreviations like Pl_capital. But in the example, they used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" etc. Wait, maybe that's a typo. Let me check again.

Looking at the example output provided by the user:

["Lisboa", "Pl_capital"], ["Farnborough", "Pl_civil"], ["Inglaterra", "Pl_country"], etc. But the classes listed in the task are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So there's a discrepancy here. The user might have made a mistake in the example, but the actual instruction says to use the classes as specified. So perhaps the example is incorrect, and the correct classes are the ones listed. Therefore, I should use the classes as given: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

But then, in the example, "Lisboa" is classified as "Pl_capital", which is not one of the classes. That's conflicting. Wait, maybe the user intended "Pl_capital" as a sub-type of Location. But the task says to use the classes as listed. So perhaps the example is wrong, and I should follow the classes given in the task. Therefore, for this problem, I need to classify each entity into one of the seven classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

So, back to the current input. The participants are "Os militares" and "as pessoas".

"Os militares" translates to "The soldiers" or "The military personnel". Since "militares" refers to people in the military, that would be a Person. However, sometimes "militares" could refer to the organization, like the military as an institution. But in the sentence, "Os militares" is the subject performing the action (desmobilizaram), which is a verb meaning to demobilize. So they are the ones taking action, which is more likely referring to individuals or groups of people, hence Person.

"As pessoas" translates to "the people". That's clearly referring to individuals, so Person as well.

Wait, but maybe "militares" could be considered an Organization if it's referring to the military as an institution. However, in Portuguese, "os militares" typically refers to the people in the military, not the organization itself. The organization would be "o Exército" (the Army) or "as Forças Armadas" (the Armed Forces). So "os militares" is more likely a group of people, hence Person.

So both "Os militares" and "as pessoas" are Persons. Therefore, the classifications would be:

["Os militares", "Person"], ["as pessoas", "Person"]

But I need to make sure there's no other possible classification. For example, "as pessoas" could be considered as a collective noun, but the class "Person" is for individuals or groups of people. Since the classes don't have a "Group" category, but "Person" is the closest. The example in the user's input had "fonte" (source) classified as "Per" (which I assume is short for Person). So "fonte" is a person, even though it's a bit vague. So in this case, "as pessoas" is definitely a group of people, so Person.

Therefore, the final answer should be both classified as Person.
</think>

<Output>[["Os militares", "Person"], ["as pessoas", "Person"]]</Output>