<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example provided earlier gives some clues, so I'll refer to that for consistency.

First, let's look at the input sentence: "Na nota é ainda referido que o proprietário foi identificado e foi elaborado “um auto de contraordenação”." The participants to classify are ["a nota", "o proprietário", "um auto de contraordenação"].

Starting with "a nota". In the example, "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was classified as a Facility. But "nota" here is a document or note. The classes available don't have a direct "Document" category. The closest might be "Other" or maybe "Object". However, in the example, "o ‘site’" was classified as "Loc", which seems a bit off. Wait, maybe "Loc" is a typo for "Other"? Or perhaps "Loc" is a specific category here. Wait, looking back at the example output, "o ‘site’" was labeled as "Loc", which might be a mistake. But according to the user's instructions, I have to follow the example's classification. However, in the example, "aeroporto" was classified as "Fac", which makes sense. So "a nota" is a document, which isn't an object, person, location, etc. Maybe "Other" is the correct class here. But I need to check if "Other" is an allowed class. The classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Other" is an option. So "a nota" would be "Other".

Next, "o proprietário". "Proprietário" translates to "owner" or "proprietor", which is a person. So that should be "Person".

Then, "um auto de contraordenação". "Auto de contraordenação" is a legal term in Portuguese, referring to an administrative fine or penalty notice. This is a document or a legal document. Similar to "a nota", which is a document. So again, this might be classified as "Other". However, in the example, "o ‘site’" was labeled as "Loc", which might be a mistake. But I need to follow the example's logic. Wait, in the example, "aeroporto" was "Fac", "Lisboa" was "Pl_capital", which is a location. But "site" is a website, which is a location in the sense of a place on the internet. However, the user's classes don't have a "Location" for websites. The example classified "o ‘site’" as "Loc", but that might be a mistake. However, since I have to follow the example's structure, maybe "auto de contraordenação" is an object? Or is it a document, which would be "Other". Alternatively, if "auto" is a legal document, maybe it's an "Object". But in the example, "a aeronave" was classified as "Obj", which is object. So "auto de contraordenação" is a document, which is an object? Maybe. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, since it's a legal term, maybe it's an "Other". However, the example's "o ‘site’" was classified as "Loc", which might be a mistake. But I need to make a decision here. Let's think again. "Auto de contraordenação" is a formal document, so it's an object. So "um auto de contraordenação" would be "Obj".

So the classifications would be:

["a nota", "Other"], ["o proprietário", "Person"], ["um auto de contraordenação", "Obj"]

But wait, in the example, "o ‘site’" was classified as "Loc", which might be a mistake. However, the user's example might have specific rules. Let me check the example again. The example input had "à agência Lusa" classified as "Org", which is correct. "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as "Org", which is correct. "companhia aérea Jota Aviation" as "Org", which is correct. "a ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" as "Org". "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as "Per", which is person. "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", which is a location. So "Pl_capital" is a subcategory under Location? The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Pl_capital" might be a typo or a specific code for "Location" (capital city). Similarly, "Pl_civil" and "Pl_country" in the example might be codes for Location. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. However, in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" as the class for "Lisboa", which is a location. But according to the classes provided, the user might have intended "Location" as the main class, but the example uses codes like "Pl_capital". Wait, the user's example output includes classes like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", "Pl_country", which are not in the original list of classes. The original classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So this is confusing. The example output seems to use different labels, which might be a mistake. However, the user's instruction says to follow the example's format. Wait, the user provided an example where the output includes classes like "Pl_capital" and "Pl_country", which are not in the original list. This is conflicting. The user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But the example output uses "Pl_capital", which is not in that list. This might be an error in the example. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. But the example output uses different labels. This is a problem. However, the user might have intended that "Pl_capital" is a subcategory under "Location". But since the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, I need to check again.

Wait, the user's instruction says:

Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other

But in the example output, they have entries like ["Lisboa", "Pl_capital"], which is not in the classes. This is conflicting. However, the user might have made a mistake in the example, but I need to follow the classes as given. Therefore, "Lisboa" should be classified under "Location", not "Pl_capital". But the example shows "Pl_capital", which is confusing. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, so perhaps the example is incorrect. But since the user provided that example, I need to follow it. But this is a contradiction. Alternatively, maybe "Pl_capital" is a typo for "Location", and the example is using "Pl_capital" as a code for "Location". But without more context, it's hard to tell. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, so I should use "Location" for "Lisboa", not "Pl_capital". But the example uses "Pl_capital", which is conflicting. This is a problem. However, the user might have intended that "Pl_capital" is part of the classes, but that's not listed. This is a possible error in the example. But since the user provided that example, I need to follow it. However, the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Therefore, the example might have a mistake, but I should follow the classes as given. Therefore, "Lisboa" should be "Location", not "Pl_capital". But the example shows "Pl_capital". This is conflicting. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, so I'll proceed with that.

So, returning to the current task. The participants are ["a nota", "o proprietário", "um auto de contraordenação"].

"a nota" is a document, which is an object? Or "Other"? Since "Object" is a class, and a document is an object, maybe "Obj". But in the example, "a aeronave" was "Obj", which is an object. So "a nota" could be "Obj". However, "auto de contraordenação" is a legal document, which is also an object. So both "a nota" and "um auto de contraordenação" would be "Obj". But "o proprietário" is a person, so "Person".

But the example's "o ‘site’" was classified as "Loc", which is confusing. However, if I follow the classes strictly, "site" would be "Other" or "Location". But "site" is a location in the internet, but the class "Location" might be intended for physical locations. However, the example classified it as "Loc", which might be a mistake. But I have to follow the example's structure. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, not the example's codes. This is very confusing. Given the ambiguity, I'll proceed with the classes as listed, not the example's codes. So:

"a nota" is a document, which is an object (Obj).

"o proprietário" is a person (Person).

"um auto de contraordenação" is a legal document, which is an object (Obj).

So the output would be:

[["a nota", "Obj"], ["o proprietário", "Person"], ["um auto de contraordenação", "Obj"]]

But I need to make sure that "auto de contraordenação" is not an organization or other. Since it's a document, it's an object. So this should be correct.
</think>

[["a nota", "Obj"], ["o proprietário", "Per"], ["um auto de contraordenação", "Obj"]]