<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what qualifies as a participant based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input sentence: "The second day of debate, in general, on the State Budget for 2021 began today in parliament five minutes late, due to the absence of Government members."

Breaking it down, the main event is the debate on the State Budget for 2021 in parliament. The participants here would be the entities involved in this event. Let's list possible candidates:

1. "debate" – but that's an event itself, not a participant. Maybe not.
2. "State Budget for 2021" – this is the subject of the debate, so it's a key entity. But is it a participant? The definition says participants are involved or impacted. The budget is the topic, so maybe it's a participant as the subject.
3. "parliament" – definitely a participant as the location and entity where the debate occurs.
4. "Government members" – their absence caused the delay, so they are directly involved. The text mentions their absence, so they are participants.
5. "the absence of Government members" – this is a reason for the delay, but the absence is a state, not an entity. However, the Government members themselves are the participants.
6. "the second day" – this is a time reference, not an entity.
7. "five minutes late" – a time detail, not an entity.
8. "today" – time, not an entity.

Now, checking the example provided. In the example, entities like "Plane", "engine", "airport", etc., were included. So even if something is a part of the event (like an engine), it's considered a participant if it's relevant. However, in this case, the State Budget is the subject of the debate, so it's a participant. The parliament is the location and the entity hosting the debate. The Government members are directly involved as their absence affected the event.

Wait, but the example included "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So even if it's a part of the plane, it's considered. Similarly, here, "State Budget for 2021" is the subject, so it's a participant. "parliament" is the location, so it's a participant. "Government members" are the ones whose absence caused the delay, so they are participants.

Other possible entities: "the second day of debate" – but that's an event, not an entity. "in general" – adverb, not an entity. "due to the absence" – the reason, but the absence is a state, not an entity. So the main participants are:

- State Budget for 2021
- parliament
- Government members

But wait, the example included "the same source" and "source" as participants. In the input, "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So "source" and "Public Security Police" are participants. Similarly, here, the text mentions "parliament" as the location, so that's a participant. The Government members are mentioned as absent, so they are participants. The State Budget is the subject of the debate, so it's a participant.

But maybe "debate" is not an entity. Let me check the example again. The example had "Plane" and "engine" as participants. So even if it's a noun, but not a person or organization, it's included. So "State Budget for 2021" is an entity here. "parliament" is an organization. "Government members" are people. So those three would be the main participants.

Wait, but the example also included "airport" and "the airports" as participants. So in this case, "parliament" would be included. Also, "the absence of Government members" – but the absence is a state, not an entity. However, the Government members themselves are the participants.

So the list would be:

["State Budget for 2021", confidence], ["parliament", confidence], ["Government members", confidence].

But I need to check if there are any other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations or individuals. The example included "source" as a participant. In this case, there's no mention of a source, so that's not needed here.

Now, assigning confidence scores. "State Budget for 2021" is clearly the subject, so high confidence (0.95). "parliament" is the location and entity, so 0.9. "Government members" are directly mentioned as the cause of the delay, so 0.95.

Wait, but in the example, "the same source" was included. However, in this input, there's no mention of a source, so that's not needed. Also, the example included "Lusa." as a participant. In this case, there's no such entity mentioned. So the three entities are the main ones.

Another thing: "the absence of Government members" – the absence is a state, but the Government members are the participants. So "Government members" is correct.

So the final list would be:

[["State Budget for 2021", 0.95], ["parliament", 0.9], ["Government members", 0.95]]

But I need to check if "State Budget for 2021" is considered a participant. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The budget is the subject of the debate, so the debate is about it. Therefore, it's a participant. Alternatively, maybe the debate itself is the event, and the budget is the topic. But the example included "engine" as a participant, which is part of the plane. So similar logic applies here. The budget is the focus of the event, so it's a participant.

Yes, that makes sense. So the three entities are correct.
</think>

[["State Budget for 2021", 0.95], ["parliament", 0.9], ["Government members", 0.95]]