<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence about the second day of debate on the State Budget for 2021 starting late in parliament because Government members were absent.

The participants to classify are "State Budget for 2021", "parliament", and "Government members". 

Starting with "State Budget for 2021". The State Budget is a financial plan, which is a document or a concept, not a physical object. But looking at the classes, "Obj" is for tangible, manmade objects. However, a budget is more of an abstract entity. The "Other" class is for entities that don't fit elsewhere. But wait, maybe "State Budget" is considered an object here? Hmm, but the example given for "Obj" includes things like "a cadeira" (chair), which is a physical object. The budget is a document, which is manmade but not a physical object in the same sense. Wait, but maybe in this context, it's treated as an object. Alternatively, maybe it's a "Other" since it's a concept. But the example for "Other" includes "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt), which is a sensory experience. The State Budget is more of a document or a plan, which might be considered an object. But I'm not sure. Let me check the classes again. The "Obj" class is for tangible, manmade objects. A budget is a document, which is manmade but not tangible? Or is it? A document is a physical object if it's printed, but in digital form, it's not. However, in the context of the sentence, it's probably referring to the document itself. Maybe "Obj" is the right class here. Alternatively, maybe "Other" if it's considered an abstract concept. But I need to see if there's a better fit. The "Pl_region" or other Pl_ classes don't apply here. So maybe "Other" is the right choice. Wait, the example given for "Other" is "um cheiro a queimado", which is a smell. The State Budget is a document, which is a manmade object, but maybe not tangible. Hmm, this is tricky. Let me think again. If the budget is a document, then it's an object. If it's a concept, then maybe "Other". But the example for "Obj" includes "a cadeira" (chair), which is a physical object. The budget is a document, which is a physical object if it's printed. So maybe "Obj" is correct here. I'll go with "Obj" for "State Budget for 2021".

Next, "parliament". Parliament is a legislative body, which is an organization. The "Org" class is for entities with an organizational structure, like companies, governments, teams, institutions. So "parliament" would be an "Org". The example given for "Org" is "A EDP" (a company). So "parliament" fits under "Org".

Then, "Government members". These are individuals, so they fall under the "Per" class. The example for "Per" is "O rapaz" (the boy), which is a human individual. Government members are people, so "Per" is correct here.

So the classifications would be:

["State Budget for 2021", "Obj", 0.8], ["parliament", "Org", 0.9], ["Government members", "Per", 0.95]

Wait, but I'm not entirely sure about the "State Budget" classification. Let me check again. If the budget is a document, then "Obj" makes sense. If it's a concept, maybe "Other". But the example for "Other" is a smell, which is different. The budget is a manmade object (a document), so "Obj" is correct. I'll stick with that.
</think>

<Output>[["State Budget for 2021", "Obj", 0.8], ["parliament", "Org", 0.9], ["Government members", "Per", 0.95]]</Output>