<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, organizations, places, etc., and they might be mentioned multiple times with varying confidence levels.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Um homem de 66 anos ficou hoje à tarde gravemente ferido depois de ter sido eletrocutado, em Oleiros, no distrito de Castelo Branco, disse à agência Lusa fonte do Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro."

Breaking this down, the main participants here are:

1. "Um homem de 66 anos" – the person who was electrocuted. Even though it's a description, the entity here is the man. Confidence might be high since it's explicitly mentioned.

2. "Oleiros" – a location where the incident happened. Definitely a participant as it's the place involved.

3. "distrito de Castelo Branco" – another location, part of the district. Also a participant.

4. "agência Lusa" – the news agency cited. They are a participant as they are the source of the information.

5. "fonte do Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro" – the source from the rescue command. This is an organization, so it's a participant. The phrase "fonte" (source) might be a bit ambiguous, but since it's linked to the Comando, it's safe to include both the source and the organization.

Now, checking for duplicates. "Oleiros" and "distrito de Castelo Branco" are both locations, so they should be separate entries. "fonte" and "fonte do Comando..." might be considered different if the latter is more specific. However, in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were both included, so maybe even if it's the same entity, different mentions get separate entries. So "fonte" and "fonte do Comando..." would be two entries here.

Also, "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro" is the full name of the organization, so that's a participant. The "fonte" is part of that organization, but since the full name is given, it's better to include that as a separate entity with higher confidence.

Confidence scores: The man is directly mentioned, so 0.9. Locations are explicit, so 0.9 each. The agency and the command are named, so 0.9 and 0.95 respectively. The "fonte" might be a bit less certain if it's just referred to as "fonte" without the full name, so maybe 0.8. But in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were both included with 0.8 and 0.8, so following that, maybe 0.8 here.

Wait, the input says "fonte do Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro" – so the source is from that command. So "fonte" is a participant, but the actual organization is the Comando. So both should be included. The "fonte" might be a role, but since it's mentioned, it's an entity. However, in the example, "fonte" was included as a participant. So I think both "fonte" and "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro" should be listed.

So compiling all:

- "Um homem de 66 anos" (0.9)
- "Oleiros" (0.9)
- "distrito de Castelo Branco" (0.9)
- "agência Lusa" (0.9)
- "fonte" (0.8)
- "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro" (0.95)
- "fonte do Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro" (0.85) – but wait, the input says "fonte do Comando..." which is the same as the previous "fonte" but more specific. However, in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were both included. So maybe here, "fonte" and "fonte do Comando..." are separate entries. But the user might consider them the same entity. Hmm, this is tricky. The example had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries, so perhaps even if it's the same entity, different mentions get separate entries. So in this case, "fonte" and "fonte do Comando..." would be two entries. But the "fonte do Comando..." is more specific, so maybe it's better to include both. However, the user might not want redundant entries. Alternatively, since "fonte do Comando..." is a more specific mention, it's a separate entity. But I think in the example, they included both "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries, so here, "fonte" and "fonte do Comando..." would be two entries. But the confidence for "fonte" might be lower than for the full name. So:

["Um homem de 66 anos", 0.9], ["Oleiros", 0.9], ["distrito de Castelo Branco", 0.9], ["agência Lusa", 0.9], ["fonte", 0.8], ["Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro", 0.95], ["fonte do Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro", 0.85]

Wait, but in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were both included. So in this case, "fonte" and "fonte do Comando..." are two different mentions. So I think that's acceptable. However, the user might prefer to group them if they refer to the same entity, but the example shows that they are treated as separate entries. So I'll proceed with that.
</think>

[["Um homem de 66 anos", 0.9], ["Oleiros", 0.9], ["distrito de Castelo Branco", 0.9], ["agência Lusa", 0.9], ["fonte", 0.8], ["Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro", 0.95], ["fonte do Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro", 0.85]]