<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, or things involved in the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Segundo a mesma fonte, o alerta foi dado às 16:18, tendo a vítima sido transportada diretamente para o Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra."

Breaking it down, the main elements here are:

- "a mesma fonte" – this refers to a source mentioned earlier, likely the Polícia de Segurança Pública from the previous example. But in this input, it's just "a mesma fonte," so maybe it's a participant here as well.
- "o alerta" – the alert itself. But is an alert a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. An alert is an event, not an entity. Maybe not.
- "a vítima" – the victim. Definitely a participant.
- "Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra" – this is an organization, so a participant.
- "o Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra" – same as above, just definite article added. Should be considered the same entity.
- "a mesma fonte" – same as before, but in the example output, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were both listed. So here, "a mesma fonte" would be another mention of the source, which is a participant.

Wait, but in the previous example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were both included. So even if it's the same entity, each mention is considered a separate entry. So in this case, "a mesma fonte" would be another instance of the source, but the entity is still "fonte" or "a fonte"?

But the example output includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So maybe each occurrence is treated as a separate entity, even if they refer to the same thing. But the user's instruction says to extract participants, which are entities. So if "a mesma fonte" is the same as "fonte" from before, but in this case, the input doesn't mention the source's name, just "a mesma fonte." So maybe "a mesma fonte" is the participant here, even though it's a reference to a previous entity.

But the example output includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So perhaps each mention is considered a separate entity, even if they refer to the same thing. However, in the current input, the source isn't named, just referred to as "a mesma fonte." So maybe that's a participant, but the confidence might be lower because it's a reference without a name.

Then, "a vítima" is a participant. The Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra is an organization, so that's a participant. The time "16:18" is not a participant. The verb phrases like "foi dado" and "transportada" are actions, not participants.

So the participants here would be:

- "a mesma fonte" (confidence maybe 0.7 or 0.8, since it's a reference to a previous source, but not explicitly named)
- "a vítima" (confidence 0.9)
- "Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra" (confidence 0.95)
- "o Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra" (same as above, but with article, so maybe same entity, but in the example, they included both "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" as separate entries. So here, "Centro Hospitalar..." and "o Centro..." would be separate entries with same entity name but different articles. So maybe include both with confidence 0.95 each.)

Wait, but in the example output, "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" are both included. So even if they are the same entity, each mention is considered a separate entry. So in this case, "Centro Hospitalar..." and "o Centro..." would be two entries. But the user's example includes "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So even if they are the same thing, each mention is a separate entity. Therefore, in this input, "Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra" and "o Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra" would be two entries.

But the user's example also includes "Lisboa" multiple times. So each occurrence is a separate entry. So in this case, "a mesma fonte" is one entry, "a vítima" is another, and the two mentions of the hospital.

So the final list would be:

["a mesma fonte", 0.7], ["a vítima", 0.9], ["Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra", 0.95], ["o Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra", 0.95]

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" is listed multiple times. So even if it's the same place, each mention is a separate entry. So here, the hospital is mentioned twice with different articles. So both should be included.

But the user's example includes "o Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" and "Lisboa" as separate entries. So the same applies here.

Therefore, the answer should be the four entries as above. However, the confidence for "a mesma fonte" might be lower since it's a reference without a name, but in the previous example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were both included with confidence 0.8 and 0.8. Wait, looking back at the example output:

In the example input, the output includes "fonte", "a mesma fonte", etc. The example output for the first input includes "fonte" with 0.8 and "a mesma fonte" with 0.8. So maybe here, "a mesma fonte" would be 0.8.

So the final JSON list would be:

[
  ["a mesma fonte", 0.8],
  ["a vítima", 0.9],
  ["Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra", 0.95],
  ["o Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra", 0.95]
]
</think>

[["a mesma fonte", 0.8], ["a vítima", 0.9], ["Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra", 0.95], ["o Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra", 0.95]]