<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "Segundo a indicação dos bombeiros, a eletrocussão aconteceu dentro de uma habitação", acrescentou."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "bombeiros" – firefighters. They are mentioned as the source of the indication, so they are participants.
2. "a eletrocussão" – the electric shock. This is the event, but the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. However, the example included "o motor" (the engine) as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe events or objects involved are considered participants. But wait, in the example, "o motor" was included as a participant. So perhaps even objects involved in the event are considered participants.

But in the given input, "a eletrocussão" is the event itself. The participants would be the ones involved in it. The text says the electric shock happened inside a house. So the house is a location, but is it a participant? The example included "aeroporto" (airport) as a participant. So maybe locations are considered participants if they are part of the event's context.

Also, "dos bombeiros" – the firefighters are the ones providing the indication. So "bombeiros" is a group, definitely a participant. The sentence is quoted as "acrescentou", which might refer to a speaker, but the input doesn't specify who said it. The example included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) as participants. But in this input, the speaker isn't named, so maybe "acrescentou" is just a verb and not a participant.

So the entities here are:

- "bombeiros" (firefighters) – confidence high, maybe 0.9
- "a eletrocussão" – the event, but is it a participant? The example included "o motor" as a participant, which is an object. However, "a eletrocussão" is the event itself, not an entity. Maybe not. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The event itself isn't an entity, but the entities involved in the event. So "a eletrocussão" is the event, not a participant. The participants would be the people or objects involved. The text mentions the electric shock happened inside a house. So "uma habitação" (a house) is a location. In the example, "aeroporto" was included. So maybe "uma habitação" is a participant here.

So possible participants:

- "bombeiros" (firefighters)
- "uma habitação" (a house)

But the input says "Segundo a indicação dos bombeiros..." – the firefighters are the ones giving the indication. So they are participants. The house is where the event happened, so it's a location involved. So both should be included.

But in the example, "a aeronave" was included as a participant. So even the subject of the event is considered a participant. So in this case, the electric shock is the event, but the participants are the ones involved. The text doesn't mention any people, just the firefighters and the house. So the participants are "bombeiros" and "uma habitação".

Wait, but the example included "o motor" as a participant. So even if the motor is part of the plane, it's considered a participant. Similarly, the house is part of the event's location, so it's a participant.

So the output should be:

["bombeiros", 0.9], ["uma habitação", 0.8]

But the input also has "a indicação" – the indication. But that's an action, not an entity. The example included "fonte" (source) as a participant. However, in this input, the source is "dos bombeiros", so "bombeiros" is already included.

Wait, the input is: "Segundo a indicação dos bombeiros, a eletrocussão aconteceu dentro de uma habitação", acrescentou."

So "a indicação dos bombeiros" – the indication from the firefighters. The firefighters are the ones providing the indication. So "bombeiros" is a participant. The house is the location where the event happened. So the participants are "bombeiros" and "uma habitação".

But the example included "a mesma fonte" as a participant. However, in this case, the source is the firefighters, so "bombeiros" is the participant. The house is the location. So the answer would be those two entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["bombeiros", 0.9], ["uma habitação", 0.8]]