<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, or even objects involved in the event.

First, I need to understand the input sentence: "Deslocaram-se ao local quatro operacionais e duas viaturas." Translating that, it means "Four operatives and two vehicles were dispatched to the location." 

Now, identifying participants. The main entities here are "operacionais" (operatives) and "viaturas" (vehicles). The numbers are part of the count but not the entities themselves. The sentence mentions "quatro operacionais" and "duas viaturas," so the participants are "operacionais" and "viaturas." 

Wait, but should the numbers be included? The example in the task didn't include numbers, just the entities. For instance, in the example input, they had "Um avião" and "o motor" even though "um" is a number. So it seems like the actual entity is the noun, not the quantity. So here, "operacionais" and "viaturas" are the entities. 

But wait, the example output included "quatro operacionais" as "operacionais" without the number. Wait, looking back at the example input and output:

In the example input, the output had entries like "Um avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So they included the determiners and numbers. Wait, the example output includes "Um avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So maybe the full noun phrases are considered as entities. So in the current input, "quatro operacionais" and "duas viaturas" would be the entities. But the user's example output includes "Um avião" and "o motor" as separate entries. However, in the example output, "Um avião" and "O avião" are both present. So maybe each occurrence is considered a separate entity even if they refer to the same thing. 

But in the current input, "quatro operacionais" and "duas viaturas" are the two entities. However, the user's example output includes "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So perhaps each mention is considered a separate entity. 

So in this case, the sentence has two entities: "quatro operacionais" and "duas viaturas." But the user's example output includes entries like "Um avião" and "O avião" as separate entries. So maybe each instance is considered a separate entity. However, in the example, "Um avião" and "O avião" are both present. But in the input, they are different mentions of the same entity. 

But the task says to extract all participants, which are entities involved. So even if they are the same entity mentioned multiple times, they should be listed as separate entries. However, in the example, "Um avião" and "O avião" are both included. So perhaps each mention is considered a separate entity. 

So in the current input, "quatro operacionais" and "duas viaturas" are the two entities. But the user's example output includes "Um avião" and "O avião" as separate entries. So I should follow that pattern. 

But wait, the input is "quatro operacionais e duas viaturas." So the entities are "operacionais" and "viaturas," but with the quantities. However, in the example, they included the articles and numbers. For example, "Um avião" and "O avião" are both present. So maybe the full noun phrases are considered. 

So in this case, the entities would be "quatro operacionais" and "duas viaturas." But the user's example output includes entries like "Um avião" and "o motor" as separate entries. So perhaps each mention is considered a separate entity. 

But the user's example output also includes "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" as separate entries. So even if it's the same entity, different mentions are considered separate. 

Therefore, in the current input, the two entities are "quatro operacionais" and "duas viaturas." But the user's example output includes entries with the same entity mentioned in different forms. However, in the current input, there's only one mention of each. So the output would be:

["quatro operacionais", 0.9], ["duas viaturas", 0.9]

But wait, the user's example output includes entries like "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So maybe the determiners and numbers are part of the entity. 

Alternatively, maybe the user wants the base noun without the determiners. For example, in the example, "Um avião" and "O avião" are both present, but the base noun is "avião." However, the example output includes "Um avião" as an entry. 

This is a bit confusing. The user's example output includes entries with articles and numbers. So perhaps the correct approach is to take the full noun phrases as entities. 

So in the current input, the entities are "quatro operacionais" and "duas viaturas." However, the user's example output includes entries like "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entities. So perhaps each occurrence is considered a separate entity. 

But in the current input, there's only one occurrence of each. So the output would be:

["quatro operacionais", 0.9], ["duas viaturas", 0.9]

But the user's example output includes entries like "o motor" and "um motor," which are different forms. However, in the current input, the entities are "quatro operacionais" and "duas viaturas." 

Alternatively, maybe the numbers are not part of the entity. For example, in the example, "Um avião" is considered an entity, but "avião" is the main noun. However, the example output includes "Um avião" as an entity. 

This suggests that the full noun phrase is considered, including determiners and numbers. Therefore, in the current input, the entities are "quatro operacionais" and "duas viaturas." 

But the user's example output includes "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. However, in the current input, there's only one mention of each. So the answer would be those two entities. 

But I need to check the example again. The example input had "Um avião" and "o motor" as separate entries. So even though "avião" is the same entity, different mentions are considered separate. 

Therefore, in the current input, the two entities are "quatro operacionais" and "duas viaturas." 

But wait, the user's example output includes "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So even though they refer to the same thing, they are considered different. So in this case, the input has "quatro operacionais" and "duas viaturas" as two separate entities. 

So the final answer would be a JSON list with those two entities, each with a confidence score. The confidence is high since they are clearly mentioned. So 0.9 or 1.0. 

But the user's example output has confidence scores like 0.85, 0.6, etc. So maybe I should use 0.9 for both. 

Therefore, the answer is:

[["quatro operacionais", 0.9], ["duas viaturas", 0.9]]
</think>

[["quatro operacionais", 0.9], ["duas viaturas", 0.9]]