<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and assign a confidence score to each. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "The Viana do Castelo Court today sentenced a 36-year-old man to 12 years in prison for shooting another man in the city in 2013."

Breaking it down, the main event is the sentencing. The participants here would be the court, the person sentenced, the victim, and maybe the location. 

Starting with "The Viana do Castelo Court" – that's an organization, so definitely a participant. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95. Then "a 36-year-old man" – the defendant. Even though it's a descriptor, the entity is the man, so I should include that. Confidence around 0.9. 

Next, "another man" – the victim. That's another participant. Confidence 0.9. The city is mentioned as "the city," but since the court is in Viana do Castelo, maybe the city is part of the location. However, the input doesn't specify the city's name, just "the city," so maybe not a participant. Wait, the original sentence says "in the city in 2013." If the city isn't named, maybe it's not a participant. But the court is in Viana do Castelo, so perhaps the city is implied. Hmm, but the user's example included "Lisbon" as a participant even when it was part of the airport name. So maybe "the city" here refers to Viana do Castelo, but since it's not explicitly named, maybe it's not a participant. I'll need to check if "the city" is a participant. The example included "Lisbon" as a participant even when it was part of the airport name, so maybe "the city" here is a participant. But since it's not named, maybe it's not. Alternatively, maybe "Viana do Castelo" is the city, but it's part of the court's name. The sentence says "the city in 2013" – perhaps the city is Viana do Castelo, but since it's not explicitly stated, maybe it's not a participant. I'll leave that out for now.

Other entities: "12 years in prison" is a punishment, not a participant. "2013" is a time, not a participant. The court is a participant, the two men are participants. 

Wait, the example output included "the airports" as a participant. In the example, the airports were part of the route. So in this case, the court is an organization, the two men are individuals. 

So the participants would be:

- The Viana do Castelo Court (organization)
- a 36-year-old man (individual)
- another man (individual)
- Maybe the city if it's considered, but since it's not named, perhaps not. 

Wait, the example included "Lisbon" as a participant even when it was part of the airport name. So maybe "the city" here is Viana do Castelo, but since it's not explicitly named, maybe it's not. Alternatively, maybe "the city" is a participant. But without a specific name, it's ambiguous. The user's example included "Lisbon" as a participant when it was part of the airport name, so maybe "the city" here is a participant. However, since it's not named, maybe the confidence is lower. But the example didn't have a confidence for "Lisbon" in the output. Wait, looking back at the example output, they included "Lisbon" as a participant, but in the input, it was part of the airport name. So perhaps "the city" here is a participant, but since it's not named, maybe it's not. Alternatively, maybe the city is Viana do Castelo, which is the same as the court's location. But the sentence says "in the city in 2013," so maybe the city is Viana do Castelo. However, the user might not want to infer that unless it's explicitly stated. 

Hmm, this is tricky. The safest approach is to include only the explicitly mentioned entities. So "The Viana do Castelo Court," "a 36-year-old man," "another man." 

Wait, the example output included "the airports" as a participant. In the input, the airports were Farnborough and Lisbon. So even though they were part of the route, they were included. So in this case, the city is part of the event's location. But since it's not named, maybe it's not. Alternatively, maybe "the city" is a participant. But without a specific name, it's hard to say. 

I think the correct approach is to include "the city" as a participant with lower confidence. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe the city is not a participant here. 

Alternatively, maybe the court is the only organization, the two men are individuals. The time and prison sentence are not participants. 

So the final list would be:

- "The Viana do Castelo Court" with high confidence (0.95)
- "a 36-year-old man" (0.9)
- "another man" (0.9)

Wait, but the example included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe "the city" is a participant here. But since it's not named, maybe it's not. 

Alternatively, maybe the city is Viana do Castelo, but since it's not explicitly mentioned, it's not a participant. 

I think the safest answer is the three entities mentioned: the court, the two men. The city isn't explicitly named, so it's not a participant. 

So the JSON would be:

[
  ["The Viana do Castelo Court", 0.95],
  ["a 36-year-old man", 0.9],
  ["another man", 0.9]
]
</think>

[["The Viana do Castelo Court", 0.95], ["a 36-year-old man", 0.9], ["another man", 0.9]]