<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, though that might be a typo. Wait, in the example, "to engine" is listed. Maybe that's a mistake, but I need to follow the example's structure.

Looking at the input: "The man was accused of qualified murder, but ended up being convicted of simple murder, as the murder weapon was not found."

First, identify all entities. The main participants here are "The man" (the individual involved), "qualified murder" and "simple murder" (legal terms, but are they participants? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. Maybe the charges themselves aren't participants, but the person accused. Wait, the example includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. Hmm, maybe any noun phrase that's a key element in the event is considered a participant. Let me check the example again.

In the example, "engine" and "a stopped engine" are listed. So even if it's an object or a condition, they are considered participants. So in the murder case, "murder weapon" might be a participant. Also, "qualified murder" and "simple murder" are legal charges, which are part of the event. The court, the legal system, but they aren't mentioned here. The man is the accused and convicted, so he's a participant. The murder weapon is mentioned as not found, so that's a participant. Also, the terms "qualified murder" and "simple murder" are part of the legal proceedings, so they might be considered as participants. 

Wait, the definition says participants are entities that are actively involved or impacted. The charges are part of the legal process, so maybe they are considered. But the example includes "engine" as a participant. So in this case, "qualified murder" and "simple murder" are the charges, which are part of the event. The murder weapon is a key object in the case. The man is the main participant. Are there any organizations or groups? The text doesn't mention any. 

So possible participants: "The man", "qualified murder", "simple murder", "murder weapon". Also, "the murder weapon was not found" – the weapon is a participant. The example includes "the same source" as a participant, which is a group. So in this case, the entities would be:

- "The man" (confidence high, maybe 0.9)
- "qualified murder" (as the charge, maybe 0.8)
- "simple murder" (another charge, 0.8)
- "murder weapon" (the object involved, 0.9)
- "the murder weapon" (same as above, maybe 0.9)

Wait, the example includes both "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entries. So in this case, "murder weapon" and "the murder weapon" would be separate. But the input says "the murder weapon was not found." So "murder weapon" and "the murder weapon" are both entities. However, the example includes "the aircraft" and "The aircraft" as separate entries. So maybe even if they are the same entity, different mentions are considered separate. But the user's example includes "Lisbon" twice. So perhaps each occurrence is listed as a separate entity. However, the example output has "Lisbon" listed multiple times. Wait, the example output includes "Lisbon" three times. So maybe each mention is considered a separate entity, even if they refer to the same place. But in the input, "Lisbon" is mentioned multiple times, and in the example output, they are all listed. So I need to follow that.

In the given input, "The man" is mentioned once. "qualified murder" and "simple murder" are legal terms. "murder weapon" is mentioned once. So the entities would be:

["The man", 0.9], ["qualified murder", 0.8], ["simple murder", 0.8], ["murder weapon", 0.9], ["the murder weapon", 0.9]

Wait, but the example includes "the airports" and "Farnborough", "England", etc. So in the input, "murder weapon" and "the murder weapon" are two separate mentions. So I should list both. Also, "qualified murder" and "simple murder" are specific charges, so they are participants. The man is the main participant. 

But the example includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entries. So in this case, "murder weapon" and "the murder weapon" would be separate. However, the input only mentions "the murder weapon" once. Wait, the input says "the murder weapon was not found." So "murder weapon" is the noun phrase, and "the murder weapon" is the definite article version. But in the example, "the aircraft" and "The aircraft" are both included. So maybe case sensitivity is considered. However, the example has "the aircraft" and "The aircraft" as separate entries. So in this case, "The man" and "the man" would be different if they were in the input. But in the input, it's "The man" once. So maybe just "The man" is listed once. 

So the final list would be:

["The man", 0.9], ["qualified murder", 0.8], ["simple murder", 0.8], ["murder weapon", 0.9], ["the murder weapon", 0.9]

But I need to check if "qualified murder" and "simple murder" are considered participants. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The charges are part of the legal process, so they are part of the event. So they are participants. The murder weapon is a key object in the case, so it's a participant. The man is the accused and convicted, so he's a participant. 

Therefore, the JSON array would be as above. Now, assigning confidence scores. "The man" is clearly a participant, so 0.9. The charges are specific legal terms, so maybe 0.8. The murder weapon is directly mentioned, so 0.9 for both "murder weapon" and "the murder weapon".
</think>

[["The man", 0.9], ["qualified murder", 0.8], ["simple murder", 0.8], ["murder weapon", 0.9], ["the murder weapon", 0.9]]