<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the classes provided. The input is a sentence where the judge is talking about evidence not being enough to convict two crimes. The participants to classify are "The judge," "the documentary and testimonial evidence," "the trial," and "those two crimes."

Starting with "The judge." According to the classes, Per is for human individuals or divine entities. The judge is a person, so that's clearly Per. Confidence should be high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "the documentary and testimonial evidence." This seems like physical evidence, which would be Obj. But wait, the class definitions mention Obj as tangible, manmade objects. Evidence could be documents or recordings, which are manmade. So Obj makes sense here. Confidence around 0.9.

"The trial" is an event or process, not a physical object. The classes don't have an event category. Looking at the classes, maybe Loc? But Loc is for places. Alternatively, maybe Other? Wait, the example given in the task had "event" not covered, but the classes don't have an event category. Hmm. Wait, the participants are entities involved in the event. The trial is an event, but the classes don't have an event category. Wait, looking back at the classes: the classes are Per, Org, Obj, Nat, Fac, Veh, Path, Pl_water, Pl_celestial, Pl_mountain, Pl_civil, Pl_country, Pl_mount_range, Pl_capital, Pl_region, Pl_state, Loc, Other. So the trial isn't a place, object, organization, or person. So maybe Other? But in the example given, "event" wasn't classified. Wait, the example had "the same source" as Per, which is a person. Maybe "the trial" is an event, but since there's no class for events, perhaps it's considered Other. Alternatively, maybe it's a Fac? No, Fac is facilities. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe it's a process, but the classes don't have that. The example in the task had "the trial" as a participant, but in the example given, the output for "the trial" wasn't present. Wait, the user's example input didn't have "the trial" as a participant. Let me check the example again. The example input was about a plane landing, and participants included "airport," "Lisbon," etc. So in the current case, "the trial" is an event, but the classes don't have an event category. The closest might be Other. But the definition says participants are entities involved in the event. So maybe "the trial" is an event, but since there's no class for events, perhaps it's considered Other. But I need to check the classes again. The Other class is for entities that don't fit other categories, like "um cheiro a queimado." So "the trial" is an event, not an object, place, person, or organization. So Other would be the class here. Confidence maybe 0.7.

Lastly, "those two crimes." Crimes are legal actions, but the classes don't have a category for legal terms. The closest might be Other, but maybe Nat? No, Nat is natural entities. Or Obj? No, crimes are abstract. So Other again. Confidence around 0.6.

Wait, but the example given in the task had "the same source" as Per, which is a person. So "those two crimes" are not people, organizations, objects, or places. So Other. But maybe "crimes" are considered as events, but again, no class for that. So Other. So the classifications would be:

The judge: Per (0.95)

the documentary and testimonial evidence: Obj (0.9)

the trial: Other (0.7)

those two crimes: Other (0.6)

But I need to make sure. Let me check the class definitions again. The Other class includes entities that don't fit into the other categories, like "um cheiro a queimado." So yes, "the trial" and "those two crimes" would be Other. But wait, maybe "the trial" is a Fac? No, Fac is facilities. "Trial" is a legal process, not a facility. So Other is correct. Therefore, the final answer would be as above.
</think>

<Output>[["The judge", "Per", 0.95], ["the documentary and testimonial evidence", "Obj", 0.9], ["the trial", "Other", 0.7], ["those two crimes", "Other", 0.6]]</Output>