<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, though that might be a bit confusing. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a mistake? Or perhaps it's part of a larger entity. Hmm.

Looking at the input sentence: "The collective that judged the case also decided to sentence the man to pay compensation to the mother of the fatal victim in the total amount of 141 thousand euros."

First, I need to identify all entities involved. Let's break it down.

"The collective" – that's a group, so definitely a participant. Then "the case" – but the case is the event, not a participant. "the man" – individual, so participant. "the mother of the fatal victim" – another individual, participant. "141 thousand euros" – that's a monetary amount, not an entity. "the fatal victim" – the victim is a person, so participant. The collective is a group, the man is the one being sentenced, the mother is the recipient, and the victim is the one who died. 

Wait, the example included "the same source" as a participant. In this case, "the collective" is the group that judged the case. The mother of the fatal victim is a person. The fatal victim is another person. The man is the one being sentenced. 

So the participants would be: the collective, the man, the mother of the fatal victim, the fatal victim. 

But wait, the mother is a participant because she's receiving compensation. The victim is the one who died, so she's impacted. The collective is the group that made the decision. The man is the one being sentenced. 

I need to check if all these are correctly identified. Also, the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In this case, there's no mention of a source, so maybe not. 

So the entities would be:

- "The collective" (group)
- "the man" (individual)
- "the mother of the fatal victim" (individual)
- "the fatal victim" (individual)

But wait, the fatal victim is a person, so that's a participant. The mother is a participant as well. The collective is a group. The man is an individual. 

I need to make sure not to include things like "the case" or "compensation" as they are not entities. The amount of money is not an entity either. 

So the final list would be those four entities. Now, assigning confidence scores. 

"The collective" is clearly a group, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. "the man" is straightforward, 0.95. "the mother of the fatal victim" – the phrase is a bit long, but it's a person, so 0.9. "the fatal victim" – also a person, 0.9. 

Wait, but in the example, they included "the same source" as a participant. Here, the collective is the group, so that's correct. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The sentence says the collective judged the case and sentenced the man to pay compensation to the mother of the fatal victim. So the participants are the collective, the man, the mother, and the victim. Yes.
</think>

[["The collective", 0.95], ["the man", 0.95], ["the mother of the fatal victim", 0.9], ["the fatal victim", 0.9]]