<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into one of the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

First, let's look at the participants to classify: ["Um homem de 50 anos", "Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)", "aquela força da autoridade"].

Starting with "Um homem de 50 anos". The phrase translates to "A man of 50 years old." This clearly refers to a person. So the class should be "Person".

Next is "Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)". I know that GNR is the Portuguese National Republican Guard, which is a law enforcement agency. Therefore, this is an organization. So the class is "Organization".

The third participant is "aquela força da autoridade". Translating that, it's "that authority force." The context here is that the GNR is referred to as "aquela força da autoridade" (that authority force). Since the GNR is already classified as an organization, this phrase is likely referring back to the same entity. However, the wording here is a bit tricky. "Força da autoridade" might be a way to describe the GNR, but since it's a specific organization, it's still an organization. However, the user might consider "aquela força da autoridade" as a reference to the GNR, which is an organization. Alternatively, if "força da autoridade" is a general term, maybe it's a different classification. But in the context, since it's referring to the GNR, which is an organization, I think it's safe to classify this as "Organization" as well.

Wait, but the example given in the task had "fonte" (source) classified as "Per" (Person) and "a mesma fonte" as "Per" as well. So if "aquela força da autoridade" is a noun phrase referring to an organization, then it's "Organization". But if it's a more general term, maybe "Other"? However, in the context, it's clearly referring to the GNR, which is an organization. So I think "Organization" is correct here.

So the classifications would be:

["Um homem de 50 anos", "Person"], ["Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)", "Organization"], ["aquela força da autoridade", "Organization"].

I need to make sure there are no other possible classes. "Força da autoridade" could be a type of facility or location, but in this context, it's referring to a law enforcement agency, which is an organization. So yes, "Organization" is correct.
</think>

[["Um homem de 50 anos", "Per"], ["Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)", "Org"], ["aquela força da autoridade", "Org"]]