<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "There were 22 firefighters, the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM) and the police at the scene of the accident, supported by 10 vehicles."

First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine their class based on the given categories: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "22 firefighters". Firefighters are people, so that should be "Person". The number 22 is just a quantity, but the entity here is "firefighters", which is a group of people. So "22 firefighters" would be "Person".

Next is "the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)". This sounds like an organization. The name includes "Institute" and "Emergency", which are typical of organizations. So "Organization" makes sense here.

Then "the police". The police are a group of people, so that's "Person" as well. Even though it's a collective term, it refers to individuals in the context of the sentence.

Lastly, "10 vehicles". Vehicles are objects. The number 10 is just a count, so "10 vehicles" would be "Object".

I need to make sure there are no other possible classifications. For example, "the police" could be considered an organization, but in this context, it's referring to the people (the police force as individuals). However, sometimes "the police" can be an organization. Wait, the example given in the initial task had "Public Security Police" classified as an organization. Hmm, but in the example, "a Public Security Police" was an organization. However, in the current input, "the police" is more likely referring to the organization. Wait, but the example had "source" as a person and "the same source" as a person. So maybe "the police" here is an organization. Wait, but in the initial example, "Public Security Police" was an organization. Let me check again.

In the initial example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as "Org". So in this case, "the police" might be an organization. But the user's input here is "the police" without any qualifiers. However, the user's instruction says to classify based on how it's used in the input. If "the police" is a group of people, then it's "Person". But if it's referring to the organization (the police department), then it's "Organization". This is a bit ambiguous. However, in the example given, "Public Security Police" was an organization. But "the police" is more likely a collective noun for the organization. So maybe "the police" here is an organization. Wait, but the initial example had "source" as a person. So perhaps "the police" here is an organization. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. Alternatively, maybe "the police" refers to the people (the individuals) present at the scene, so "Person". But I need to check the example again.

Looking back at the example provided by the user, in the input, "a Public Security Police" was classified as "Org". So if "the police" is similar, then it's "Org". However, in the input sentence, "the police" is part of a list with "firefighters" and "INEM", which are people and organizations. So "the police" could be an organization. But I'm not entirely sure. Alternatively, maybe "the police" is a group of people, hence "Person". But I think in most cases, "the police" as an entity refers to the organization. For example, "the police arrived" would be the organization. However, sometimes it's used to refer to the people. This might depend on context. Since the sentence says "the police at the scene of the accident", it's possible that they are referring to the organization. But I'm not 100% certain. However, given that "firefighters" are people and "INEM" is an organization, "the police" is likely an organization here. So I'll go with "Organization" for "the police".

Wait, but in the initial example, "source" was classified as "Per" (Person), and "the same source" as "Per". So if "the police" is a group, maybe it's "Organization". Alternatively, maybe "the police" is a collective noun for people. This is a bit ambiguous, but I'll go with "Organization" for "the police" based on the example given where similar terms were classified as organizations.

So, the classifications would be:

- "22 firefighters" → Person
- "the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)" → Organization
- "the police" → Organization
- "10 vehicles" → Object

But I need to confirm. Let me check the example again. In the initial example, "airline Jota Aviation" was classified as "Org", and "Public Security Police" as "Org". So "the police" here is similar to "Public Security Police" and would be "Org". Therefore, "the police" is "Organization".

So the final list would be:

[["22 firefighters", "Per"], ["the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)", "Org"], ["the police", "Org"], ["10 vehicles", "Obj"]]
</think>

<Output>[["22 firefighters", "Per"], ["the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)", "Org"], ["the police", "Org"], ["10 vehicles", "Obj"]]</Output>