<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The text mentions "suspeitos" (suspects) aged between 35 and 41, all with criminal records, who were detained as part of an investigation over six months for various thefts in several municipalities in the Viana do Castelo district.

Starting with the first part: "Os suspeitos..." The term "suspeitos" is plural, so that's a group. But the example in the task included both singular and plural forms, like "Um avião" and "a aeronave." So I should check if "suspeitos" is considered a single entity or multiple. However, the example included "os aeroportos" as a participant, so maybe even collective nouns are included. But here, "suspeitos" refers to individuals, but since they are grouped as suspects in an investigation, maybe they are considered a group. However, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entities, so perhaps each mention is treated individually. Wait, in the example, "Um avião" and "O avião" are both separate entries. So even if they refer to the same entity, each instance is listed. So here, "Os suspeitos" is a group, but the text also mentions "todos com antecedentes criminais" (all with criminal records), which refers to the same suspects. However, the example included "os aeroportos" as a participant. So maybe "Os suspeitos" is one entity, and "todos com antecedentes criminais" is part of their description, not a separate entity.

Next, the investigation was developed over six months by "diversos furtos" (various thefts) in the municipalities of Arcos de Valdevez, Paredes de Coura, Ponte da Barca, and Ponte de Lima, all in the district of Viana do Castelo. The participants here would be the suspects, the municipalities, the district, and the investigation itself? Wait, the investigation is an event, not a participant. The participants are the ones involved in the event. The suspects are the ones being investigated, the municipalities where the thefts occurred, and possibly the police or authorities conducting the investigation. However, the text doesn't mention the police or any organization explicitly. The example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. In this case, the text says "no âmbito de uma investigação desenvolvida..." which means "within the scope of an investigation developed..." but it doesn't specify who conducted it. So maybe the investigation is an event, not a participant. The participants would be the suspects, the municipalities, and the district? Wait, the district is a location, but the municipalities are the specific places where the thefts occurred. The district is part of the location context.

Looking back at the example, "os aeroportos" and "Lisboa" were included. So locations are considered participants. So here, the municipalities (Arcos de Valdevez, Paredes de Coura, Ponte da Barca, Ponte de Lima) and the district (Viana do Castelo) would be participants. The suspects are the main participants. The text also mentions "diversos furtos" (various thefts), but "furtos" is the event, not a participant. The investigation is an event as well.

So the participants would be:

- "Os suspeitos" (the suspects)
- "Arcos de Valdevez"
- "Paredes de Coura"
- "Ponte da Barca"
- "Ponte de Lima"
- "Viana do Castelo" (the district)
- "diversos furtos" – but wait, "furtos" is the action, not a participant. The example didn't include actions, only entities. So maybe "diversos furtos" is not a participant. The example included "o motor" as a participant, which is an object. So maybe the thefts are not participants, but the locations where they occurred are.

Also, the text mentions "todos com antecedentes criminais" (all with criminal records), but that's a description of the suspects, not a separate entity.

So the list would be:

["Os suspeitos", "Arcos de Valdevez", "Paredes de Coura", "Ponte da Barca", "Ponte de Lima", "Viana do Castelo"]

But wait, the example included "os aeroportos" as a participant. Here, the municipalities are specific places, so they should be included. The district is a higher-level administrative division, so it's also a participant.

Now, checking for any other entities. The text doesn't mention any organizations or groups explicitly, like the police or any other entity. The example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant, but in this case, the text doesn't mention any such entity. So the participants are the suspects and the locations.

But wait, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In this case, the text doesn't mention any sources or organizations, so those aren't present here.

Now, considering the confidence scores. For "Os suspeitos," the confidence is high, maybe 0.95. The municipalities and the district are also clear, so 0.9 or 0.95. However, the example included "Lisboa" multiple times with different confidence scores. Wait, in the example, "Lisboa" appeared multiple times with varying confidence. But in this case, "Viana do Castelo" is mentioned once, and the municipalities are each mentioned once. So each of these should be listed with high confidence.

But the example included "os aeroportos" as a participant. Here, the municipalities are specific, so they should be included. The district is also a participant as part of the location context.

So the final list would be:

["Os suspeitos", 0.95], ["Arcos de Valdevez", 0.9], ["Paredes de Coura", 0.9], ["Ponte da Barca", 0.9], ["Ponte de Lima", 0.9], ["Viana do Castelo", 0.9]

But wait, the example included "Lisboa" multiple times. However, in this case, the district is mentioned once, and the municipalities are each mentioned once. So each of these should be separate entries. Also, the example included "a aeronave" and "o avião" as separate entries even if they refer to the same thing. So here, "Os suspeitos" is a single entity, but if there are other mentions, like "todos com antecedentes criminais" refers to the same suspects, but that's a description, not a separate entity. So only "Os suspeitos" is listed once.

Therefore, the JSON array would be as above.
</think>

[["Os suspeitos", 0.95], ["Arcos de Valdevez", 0.9], ["Paredes de Coura", 0.9], ["Ponte da Barca", 0.9], ["Ponte de Lima", 0.9], ["Viana do Castelo", 0.9]]