<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "These facts led to the issuance of an arrest warrant, which was carried out on Wednesday by GNR soldiers from the Maia Territorial Post." The participants to classify are "GNR soldiers" and "Maia Territorial Post".

First, I need to recall the classes. The classes include Per, Org, Obj, Nat, Fac, Veh, Path, Pl_water, Pl_celestial, Pl_mountain, Pl_civil, Pl_country, Pl_mount_range, Pl_capital, Pl_region, Pl_state, Loc, and Other.

Starting with "GNR soldiers". GNR is the Portuguese National Republican Guard, which is a government organization. So "GNR soldiers" would be individuals working for an organization. But the class Per is for human individuals or divine entities. However, "GNR soldiers" refers to the group of soldiers, not individual people. Wait, but the class Org is for entities with an organizational structure. However, "GNR soldiers" might be considered as a group of people, but the term "soldiers" is a role. Wait, the example given for Org includes companies, governments, teams, institutions. So if "GNR" is an organization, then "GNR soldiers" might be part of that organization. But the exact term here is "GNR soldiers", which is a group of people. However, the class Per is for individuals or characters. Since "soldiers" are people, but the term "GNR soldiers" as a collective might be considered as an Org? Or maybe Per? Hmm. Wait, the example for Org includes "A EDP" (a company). So if "GNR" is an organization, then "GNR soldiers" would be part of that organization. But the term here is "GNR soldiers", which is a group of people. However, the class Per is for individuals, not groups. So maybe "GNR soldiers" is an Org? Or is it Per? Wait, the example for Per is "O rapaz" (the boy), which is an individual. If the entity is a group of people, like soldiers, then it's more likely to be Org. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "GNR soldiers" is a role within the organization. Wait, the GNR is an organization, and the soldiers are members of that organization. But the term "GNR soldiers" might be considered as the organization itself. But I think the correct classification here is Org for "GNR soldiers" because it's a group under the GNR organization. Alternatively, maybe the GNR is the organization, and the soldiers are individuals. But the way it's phrased is "GNR soldiers from the Maia Territorial Post." So "GNR soldiers" is the group performing the action. So I think "GNR soldiers" is an Org.

Next, "Maia Territorial Post". This sounds like a specific location or a facility. The term "Territorial Post" might be a type of facility. For example, a military post or a police station. So "Maia Territorial Post" would be a facility (Fac). The class Fac is for facilities. So that's likely Fac.

So the classifications would be:

["GNR soldiers", "Org", 0.9], ["Maia Territorial Post", "Fac", 0.95]

Wait, but I need to check if "GNR soldiers" is indeed an Org. If "GNR" is an organization, then "GNR soldiers" is a part of that organization. But the term "GNR soldiers" might be considered as a group of people (Per) or as an organization (Org). However, since "soldiers" are individuals, but the term here is a collective noun. The example given for Org includes "teams", so maybe "GNR soldiers" is a team or part of the organization. Alternatively, if the entity is a group of people acting as a unit, it might be considered as an Org. But I'm not entirely sure. Another angle: the GNR is an organization, and the soldiers are members of that organization. However, the term "GNR soldiers" is a collective noun referring to the group, which could be classified as an Org. Alternatively, if the entity is a group of people, it's more likely to be Per, but the class Per is for individuals. Wait, the definition says Per is for human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. So groups of people would not be Per. Therefore, "GNR soldiers" is an Org. So I think that's correct.
</think>

<Output>[["GNR soldiers", "Org", 0.95], ["Maia Territorial Post", "Fac", 0.9]]</Output>