<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and assign a confidence score to each. First, I need to understand what qualifies as a participant based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input sentence: "These facts led to the issuance of an arrest warrant, which was carried out on Wednesday by GNR soldiers from the Maia Territorial Post."

Breaking it down, the main event here is the issuance and execution of an arrest warrant. The participants would be the entities involved in this action. 

First, "GNR soldiers" are clearly mentioned as the ones carrying out the arrest. GNR is the Portuguese National Republican Guard, so that's an organization. The soldiers are individuals, but since they're part of a group, maybe "GNR soldiers" is the entity here. 

Then there's "Maia Territorial Post." This seems like a specific unit or location within the GNR. It might be a branch or a post, so that's another entity. 

The arrest warrant itself is an object, but the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The warrant is a document, not an entity, so maybe not included. 

The "facts" mentioned at the beginning led to the warrant, but "facts" are abstract and not a specific entity. The "issuance" is an action, not an entity. 

So the main participants here are GNR soldiers and Maia Territorial Post. Let me check if there are others. The sentence doesn't mention any other entities. 

Confidence: "GNR soldiers" is directly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). "Maia Territorial Post" is also explicitly named, so maybe 0.9. Are there any other possible entities? "Wednesday" is a time, not a participant. "Arrest warrant" is an object, not an entity. 

Wait, the definition includes groups, organizations, etc. So GNR is the organization, and Maia Territorial Post is a part of it. Both should be included. 

So the final list would be ["GNR soldiers", 0.95], ["Maia Territorial Post", 0.9]. I think that's it.
</think>

[["GNR soldiers", 0.95], ["Maia Territorial Post", 0.9]]