<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example output includes entities with confidence scores, so I need to do the same here.

First, the input sentence is: "The detainee is today undergoing his first judicial interrogation at the Matosinhos Criminal Instruction Court for the application of coercive measures."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "The detainee" – clearly a participant, the person involved in the interrogation. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.
2. "Matosinhos Criminal Instruction Court" – the location where the interrogation is happening. This is an organization or institution, so it's a participant. Confidence around 0.9.
3. "judicial interrogation" – this is an event or process, not an entity. So probably not a participant.
4. "coercive measures" – this is a legal term, part of the reason for the interrogation, but not an entity. So not a participant.
5. "his" – refers to the detainee, but it's a pronoun, not an entity on its own.
6. "the application" – part of the reason, not an entity.

Wait, the example output included "the same source" as an entity. So maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity, even if it's a role or a process? Hmm, but the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. So the court is definitely involved. The detainee is the subject. Are there any other entities?

Looking again, "judicial interrogation" is an event, not an entity. "Criminal Instruction Court" is an organization. "The detainee" is a person. Are there any other entities? The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations, groups, or individuals. The court is the main other participant besides the detainee.

Wait, the example included "source" as an entity. In the example input, "a Public Security Police source" was mentioned. So in this case, the court is the entity. The detainee is the person. Are there any other entities? Maybe "coercive measures" is a legal term, but not an entity. So the output should be ["The detainee", 0.95], ["Matosinhos Criminal Instruction Court", 0.9]. 

Wait, but the example also included "airport" as an entity. In the input, "Humberto Delgado Airport" was an entity. So in this case, the court is an entity. So yes, those two. Let me check again. The sentence says the detainee is undergoing interrogation at the court. So the court is involved. The detainee is the person involved. Are there any other entities? The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations or people. So the answer should be those two entities with confidence scores.
</think>

[["The detainee", 0.95], ["Matosinhos Criminal Instruction Court", 0.9]]