<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, organizations, places, etc., that are involved or affected by the event.

Looking at the input sentence: "The accident occurred at around 3:30 pm, on Rua Augusto Gil, with the man falling from a height of seven meters, the source added."

First, I need to identify all the entities that are participants. Let's break it down.

"The accident" – is this a participant? Well, the accident is the event itself, not an entity involved. So probably not. 

"Rua Augusto Gil" – that's a street name, so a location. It's part of the event's context, so maybe it's a participant as a location involved. The example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants, so maybe locations count here.

"the man" – clearly a person involved, so that's a participant. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

"the source" – the source is mentioned as adding information, so they are an entity providing information. In the example, "source" and "the same source" were included, so "the source" here should be included with a confidence, maybe 0.8.

"seven meters" – that's a measurement, not an entity. Probably not a participant.

"the accident occurred at around 3:30 pm" – time is part of the event details, not an entity. So not a participant.

So the possible participants are:

- "Rua Augusto Gil" (location)
- "the man" (person)
- "the source" (organization or individual providing info)

Wait, the example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So "Rua Augusto Gil" is a street, which is a location, so that should be included. The example also included "source" and "the same source" as participants. So "the source" here is a participant. 

Are there any others? The sentence mentions "the man falling from a height of seven meters" – "the man" is the participant. 

So the list would be:

["Rua Augusto Gil", 0.9], ["the man", 0.95], ["the source", 0.8]

Wait, but in the example, they included "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. In this case, the input has "the source added", so "the source" is one entity. 

I need to make sure I'm not missing any. Let me check again. The sentence is about an accident involving a man falling from a height, occurring on a specific street, and a source providing information. So the participants are the man, the street (location), and the source. 

I think that's it. Now assign confidence scores. For "Rua Augusto Gil", confidence is high, maybe 0.9. "the man" is definitely a participant, 0.95. "the source" is a bit less certain because it's not explicitly named, but in the example, "source" was included, so 0.8 seems reasonable.
</think>

[["Rua Augusto Gil", 0.9], ["the man", 0.95], ["the source", 0.8]]