<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "MP acusa agente da GNR de Braga de peculato e abuso de poder". The participants to classify are ["MP", "agente da GNR de Braga", "GNR", "Braga"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Also, the example used some subcategories like Pl_capital, Pl_civil, etc., but maybe those are specific to the example. Wait, in the example output, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital, which might be a subcategory under Location. However, the user's instruction here says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the subcategories like Pl_capital are not needed here. Wait, looking back at the example, the user provided an output with classes like "Pl_capital" but the original classes listed are different. Hmm, maybe that was a mistake in the example. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example output, they have entries like "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil". That seems conflicting. Wait, maybe that was a mistake in the example. Let me check again. The example input is in Portuguese, and the output has classifications like "Pl_capital" for "Lisboa", which is a city (capital of Portugal). But according to the user's classes, "Location" is a class, so maybe "Pl_capital" is a subcategory under Location. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, not the subcategories. Wait, the user's example output includes "Pl_capital" as the class, but the original classes listed are Person, Organization, etc. This is confusing. Wait, perhaps the example is incorrect, or maybe the user intended for the subcategories to be used. But the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So I should stick to those classes. Therefore, in the example, "Lisboa" would be classified as Location, not Pl_capital. But the example output shows "Pl_capital". That's conflicting. However, the user's instruction says to follow the classes as listed, so maybe the example is wrong. Alternatively, maybe "Pl_capital" is part of the Location class. But the user hasn't specified that. This is a bit confusing. However, the user's example output includes "Pl_capital" as a class, which is not in the original list. Therefore, perhaps the user made a mistake in the example. But since the user provided that example, maybe I should follow it. Wait, the user says:

"Classify each of the participants listed under "Participants to classify", according to how it is used in the input.

Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the classes are as listed. Therefore, the example might have an error. But in the example output, "Lisboa" is classified as "Pl_capital", which is not in the classes. So perhaps the example is incorrect, but the user wants us to use the classes as listed. Therefore, I should use the classes Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

Now, back to the current input. Let's analyze each participant:

1. "MP": In Portuguese, "MP" stands for "Ministério Público", which is the Public Prosecutor's Office. That's an organization. So class: Organization.

2. "agente da GNR de Braga": "GNR" is Guarda Nacional Republicana, a national police force in Portugal. "agente da GNR" is an agent of the GNR. So "agente da GNR de Braga" is a person (the agent). So class: Person.

3. "GNR": As mentioned, GNR is an organization, the National Republican Guard. So class: Organization.

4. "Braga": This is a city in Portugal. So class: Location.

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the classes here, it should be Location. So maybe the user intended for "Location" to be used for cities, and "Pl_capital" is a subcategory. However, the user hasn't specified that, so I should stick to the given classes. Therefore, "Braga" is a Location.

So the classifications would be:

["MP", "Organization"], ["agente da GNR de Braga", "Person"], ["GNR", "Organization"], ["Braga", "Location"]

But let me double-check. "MP" is an organization. "agente da GNR de Braga" is a person. "GNR" is an organization. "Braga" is a location. That seems correct.
</think>

[["MP", "Org"], ["agente da GNR de Braga", "Per"], ["GNR", "Org"], ["Braga", "Loc"]]