<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like companies, people, organizations, etc., and even repeated mentions with different confidence levels.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "A entrega foi feita pelos representantes legais das empresas Méssene – Investimentos Limitada, Heavy Group – Investimentos Limitada, Universal Sabedoria e LMC."

The main action here is the delivery ("entrega") being done by the legal representatives of certain companies. The participants would be the companies mentioned, as well as the legal representatives. However, the example output from the user's previous task included both the entities and their mentions, even if they were repeated. Wait, in the example, they had entries like "Avião", "o motor", etc., which are specific mentions. So maybe I need to extract each mention of an entity, not just the unique ones.

Looking at the input, the key entities are the companies: Méssene – Investimentos Limitada, Heavy Group – Investimentos Limitada, Universal Sabedoria, and LMC. The legal representatives are also participants, but the example didn't include "representantes legais" as separate entities. Wait, in the previous example, the output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte", which were mentions of the source. So maybe even roles like "representantes legais" are considered participants if they are explicitly mentioned. However, in this case, the "representantes legais" are the ones performing the action, so they might be participants. But the companies are the ones being represented, so they are the entities involved.

Wait, the definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. The companies are the ones whose legal representatives made the delivery, so they are participants. The legal representatives are the ones performing the action, so they are also participants. However, the input doesn't mention the names of the legal representatives, just that they are the legal representatives of the companies. So maybe the participants here are the companies and the legal representatives as a role. But the example didn't include roles like "fonte" as a participant, but rather the actual entities. Wait, in the example, "fonte" was included as a participant, but in the output, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were listed. So perhaps even if the entity is a role or a title, it's included if mentioned.

But in the current input, the only entities mentioned are the companies and the legal representatives. However, the legal representatives are not named; they are just described as "representantes legais". So maybe the participants here are the companies, and the legal representatives are not named entities. Alternatively, "representantes legais" could be considered a participant as a role, but the example didn't include that. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte", which are mentions of the source. So even if the entity is a role or a title, if it's mentioned, it's included. However, in the current input, the legal representatives are not named; they are just referred to as "representantes legais", which is a role, not a specific entity. So maybe "representantes legais" is not considered a participant here, but the companies are. Alternatively, if the role is considered a participant, then it would be included. But the example didn't include roles like "representantes legais" as participants, but rather the actual entities. For example, in the example, "fonte" was included, which is a role, but in the current case, the role is not a named entity.

So perhaps the participants here are the companies: Méssene – Investimentos Limitada, Heavy Group – Investimentos Limitada, Universal Sabedoria, and LMC. Each of these is mentioned once. The "representantes legais" might not be considered a participant since they are not named entities. However, the example included "fonte" as a participant, which is a role. So maybe in this case, "representantes legais" is a participant. But the example's output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries, but in the current input, "representantes legais" is mentioned once. So perhaps "representantes legais" is a participant here. However, the user's example output didn't include "representantes legais" in the previous example, but included "fonte" as a participant. Wait, in the example input, the source was mentioned as "fonte" and "a mesma fonte", which were both included. So in the current input, "representantes legais" is mentioned once. So maybe that's a participant. But the user might expect only the companies as participants. Alternatively, the legal representatives are the ones performing the action, so they are participants. But since they are not named, maybe they are not considered. This is a bit ambiguous.

Looking back at the definition: participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities actively involved or impacted. The legal representatives are individuals (or groups) involved in the action of making the delivery. However, the input doesn't name them, just refers to them as "representantes legais". So perhaps they are not considered as named entities here. Therefore, the main participants are the companies. Each company is mentioned once. Let me check the example again. In the example, "fonte" was included as a participant, even though it's a role. So maybe in this case, "representantes legais" is also a participant. But the user might have different expectations. Alternatively, the user might consider only the named entities. The companies are named, so they are participants. The "representantes legais" is a role, but not a named entity. So the answer would be the four companies. Each company is mentioned once. So the output would be each of the four companies with confidence scores. The confidence for each would be high, maybe 0.9 or 1.0. The example had entries like "Avião" with 0.85, "o motor" with 0.8, etc. So maybe similar confidence levels here. Since the companies are clearly named, confidence would be high. Let me structure the JSON list accordingly.
</think>

[["Méssene – Investimentos Limitada", 0.95], ["Heavy Group – Investimentos Limitada", 0.95], ["Universal Sabedoria", 0.95], ["LMC", 0.95], ["representantes legais", 0.8]]