<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the correct category based on the provided classes. The participants listed are "Méssene – Investimentos Limitada", "Heavy Group – Investimentos Limitada", "Universal Sabedoria", "LMC", and "representantes legais". 

First, I'll go through each entity one by one.

Starting with "Méssene – Investimentos Limitada". The name includes "Investimentos Limitada", which in Portuguese typically refers to a limited investment company, so this is likely an organization. The class "Org" is for entities with an organizational structure like companies. So this should be Org with high confidence.

Next, "Heavy Group – Investimentos Limitada". Similar to the first one, the structure is the same. "Investimentos Limitada" again points to a company. So Org again, confidence high.

"Universal Sabedoria" – this seems like a company name as well. The term "Sabedoria" could be part of the company's name, but without more context, it's safe to assume it's an organization. So Org, confidence high.

"LMC" – this is an acronym. In business contexts, acronyms often represent companies or organizations. Unless it's a known abbreviation for something else, but given the context of the sentence, it's likely a company. So Org, confidence high.

Now "representantes legais" translates to "legal representatives". These are people acting on behalf of the companies. The class "Per" is for human individuals or characters. Since they are people, even if they're representatives, they fall under Per. Confidence here is high as well.

Wait, but the sentence says "pelos representantes legais das empresas..." which means "by the legal representatives of the companies...". So the companies are the ones being represented, and the representatives are the people. So "representantes legais" are Per, correct.

I need to make sure there's no other possible classification. For example, could "representantes legais" be considered an Org? No, because they are individuals, not an organization. So Per is right.

All the company names are clearly Org. The only possible confusion might be if any of the company names were actually natural entities or something else, but given the structure, they all seem to be organizations. The confidence for each should be around 0.95 or 1.0. The "representantes legais" is definitely Per with high confidence.

So the final classifications should be all Org for the company names and Per for the legal representatives.
</think>

<Output>[["Méssene – Investimentos Limitada", "Org", 1.0], ["Heavy Group – Investimentos Limitada", "Org", 1.0], ["Universal Sabedoria", "Org", 1.0], ["LMC", "Org", 1.0], ["representantes legais", "Per", 1.0]]</Output>