<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like organizations, individuals, or even specific items mentioned in the context.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "During a home search, the PSP seized enough heroin for around 599 individual doses and enough cocaine for around 235 individual doses from the unemployed person."

Breaking it down, the main participants here would be the PSP (which is an organization, likely the Portuguese Police), the unemployed person (the individual from whom the drugs were seized), and the substances heroin and cocaine. However, the definition mentions participants as those actively involved or impacted. Heroin and cocaine are items seized, so they might be considered as entities involved, but I need to check if they qualify as participants.

Looking at the example output, they included "heroin" and "cocaine" as entities. For instance, in the example, "engine" and "a stopped engine" were included. So even though heroin and cocaine are substances, they are mentioned in the context of the event, so they might be considered participants here.

Next, the unemployed person is clearly a participant as the one from whom the drugs were seized. The PSP is the organization conducting the search and seizure. The home search is an event, but "home search" itself might not be a participant, but the PSP is the entity performing the search.

Also, "individual doses" is a measure, but it's not an entity. The numbers (599, 235) are quantities, not entities. The word "from" might link the unemployed person to the action, so "the unemployed person" is a participant.

So compiling the list:

- PSP (confidence high, as it's an organization involved)
- the unemployed person (high confidence)
- heroin (as the substance seized, included in example)
- cocaine (same as heroin)
- individual doses (maybe not, since it's a measure, but the example had "individual doses" as part of the quantity, but in the example output, they didn't include numbers. Wait, in the example input, they had "enough heroin for around 599 individual doses" and the output included "heroin" and "cocaine" but not the numbers. So maybe just the substances.

Wait, the example input had "engine failure" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So the substances here would be heroin and cocaine. The unemployed person is a participant. The PSP is an organization. The home search is an event, but the entity here is the PSP, not the search itself.

So the entities would be:

["PSP", "the unemployed person", "heroin", "cocaine"]

Confidence scores: PSP is definitely a participant, high confidence (0.95). The unemployed person is directly mentioned, high confidence (0.95). Heroin and cocaine are substances involved, so maybe 0.8 each. The example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" with confidence, so similar here.

Wait, in the example output, "engine" and "a stopped engine" were both included. So in this case, "heroin" and "cocaine" would be separate entities. Also, "individual doses" might not be an entity, but the example didn't include that. So I think the correct entities here are PSP, the unemployed person, heroin, and cocaine. The numbers (599, 235) are not entities, just quantities. The home search is an event, but the entity is the PSP conducting it. So the final list would be those four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["PSP", 0.95], ["the unemployed person", 0.9], ["heroin", 0.8], ["cocaine", 0.8]]