<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of objects or mentions like "engine" or "airport" are included, sometimes with varying confidence levels.

Looking at the input: "A firearm, four rounds of ammunition, a tablet, a speaker and 222 euros in cash were also seized, according to that police force."

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main items seized are the firearm, ammunition, tablet, speaker, cash. Then there's the police force mentioned as the source. 

The example output included things like "to engine" and "a stopped engine," which might be parts of phrases. But here, the items are listed with articles like "a firearm," so maybe "firearm" is the entity. Similarly, "four rounds of ammunition" is a specific item. However, the instruction says participants are entities involved or impacted. The seized items are part of the event, so they should be participants. The police force is also a participant as the source.

Wait, the example included "the same source" as an entity. Here, "that police force" is the source. So "police force" would be an entity. But the example had "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So maybe "police force" here is the entity, but the confidence might be lower since it's referred to as "that police force" which is a bit vague. However, the user's example included "source" as an entity, so maybe "police force" is the participant here.

Now, the items: firearm, ammunition, tablet, speaker, cash. Each of these is an object seized, so they are participants. The numbers like "four rounds" and "222 euros" are quantities, but the example included "222 euros in cash" as "222 euros in cash" but in the example output, they had "222 euros in cash" as an entity. Wait, looking back at the example input, the output included "222 euros in cash" as an entity. Wait, in the example given by the user, the input was about a plane landing, and the output included "the plane", "engine", etc. So in that case, even parts like "engine" were included. But here, the items are more specific.

So for the input sentence, the entities would be:

- firearm
- four rounds of ammunition
- tablet
- speaker
- 222 euros in cash
- police force

But the example output included "a Public Security Police" as an entity, so maybe the police force here is "that police force," but since it's referred to as "that police force," the confidence might be lower. However, the user's example included "source" as an entity, so maybe "police force" is the entity here.

Wait, in the example input, the output had "a Public Security Police" and "the same source." So in this case, "that police force" is the source, so maybe "police force" is the entity. But the example included "source" as an entity, so maybe "that police force" is the source, and "police force" is the entity. However, the exact wording is "that police force," which might be a specific entity, but since it's not named, the confidence might be lower. Alternatively, maybe "police force" is the entity, and the confidence is 0.7 or something.

Also, the example output included "Lusa." with a period, so maybe punctuation is included. But in the current input, the police force is mentioned as "that police force," so the entity is "police force" with confidence maybe 0.7, and the items are each separate entities. The numbers like "four rounds" and "222 euros" are part of the items, so they are included as entities. So the list would be:

["firearm", 0.9], ["four rounds of ammunition", 0.8], ["tablet", 0.9], ["speaker", 0.9], ["222 euros in cash", 0.8], ["police force", 0.7]

But need to check if "four rounds of ammunition" is considered a single entity. The example had "four rounds of ammunition" as an entity in the output. Wait, looking back at the user's example input, the output included "four rounds of ammunition" as an entity. So yes, that's how it's handled. So each item listed is an entity. Also, the example included "222 euros in cash" as an entity. So here, the same applies.

So the final list would be each of the items and the police force. The confidence scores need to be between 0 and 1. For the items, I can assign high confidence (0.9) since they are explicitly mentioned. For "police force," since it's referred to as "that police force," which is a bit vague, maybe 0.7. The example included "source" as an entity with confidence 0.8, so maybe similar here.
</think>

[["firearm", 0.9], ["four rounds of ammunition", 0.8], ["tablet", 0.9], ["speaker", 0.9], ["222 euros in cash", 0.8], ["police force", 0.7]]