<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants listed. The input is a sentence about an operation carried out by specific police units and mentions the PSP. The participants to classify are three entities: "Police Intervention and Surveillance Squadron of the 2nd Division", "Prevention and Immediate Reaction Teams (EPRI)", and "PSP".

Looking at the classes, I need to determine which category each entity fits into. Let's start with the first one: "Police Intervention and Surveillance Squadron of the 2nd Division". This sounds like a specific unit within a police force. Since it's a group with an organizational structure, that would likely be an "Org" (organization). The second participant is "Prevention and Immediate Reaction Teams (EPRI)". The acronym EPRI is probably the official name of the team, so again, this is an organizational unit, so "Org" makes sense here.

Next is "PSP". I know that PSP stands for Polícia de Segurança Pública in Portugal, which is a government agency. Since it's an organization with a structure, that's "Org" as well. 

Wait, but the example given in the task had "source" classified as "Per" (person) and "the same source" also as "Per". However, in this case, "PSP" is an organization, not a person. So I need to make sure I'm not confusing "Per" with "Org". The key is that "Per" is for human individuals or divine entities, while "Org" is for organizations. Since PSP is an organization, it's definitely "Org".

Confidence-wise, I'm pretty sure about these classifications. The first two are clearly organizational units, and PSP is a known organization. So I'll assign 0.95 or 1.0 confidence for each. Let me check if there's any ambiguity. The first two names are specific units, so "Org" is correct. The third is an organization, so "Org" again. No other classes seem to fit here. I think that's it.
</think>

<Output>
[["Police Intervention and Surveillance Squadron of the 2nd Division", "Org", 0.95], ["Prevention and Immediate Reaction Teams (EPRI)", "Org", 0.95], ["PSP", "Org", 0.95]]
</Output>