<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "According to the PSP, the detainee is now before the Judicial Authorities."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "PSP," "the detainee," and "Judicial Authorities." 

Starting with "PSP"—I know that PSP stands for Public Security Police in Portugal. Since it's mentioned as the source ("According to the PSP"), it's a key participant here. The confidence here is high because it's explicitly named, so maybe 0.95.

Next, "the detainee." This is a person involved in the situation. The sentence states the detainee is before the Judicial Authorities, so they are definitely a participant. Confidence is high, around 0.9.

Then, "Judicial Authorities." These are the entities handling the detainee's case. They are directly involved, so confidence is also high, maybe 0.95.

I need to check if there are any other entities. The sentence is short, so I don't think so. "According to" and "now before" are prepositions or verbs, not entities. "the" is an article, so not a participant. 

Wait, the example output included "source" as a participant. In the original example, "source" was part of the output. Here, "PSP" is the source, so maybe "source" should be included. But the input here doesn't mention "source" explicitly. The original example had "a Public Security Police source," so in that case, "source" was a participant. However, in this input, it's "According to the PSP," so "PSP" is the source. Should I include "source" as a participant here? The example included "source" when it was mentioned, but here it's not explicitly called "source," just "PSP." Hmm, maybe not. The task says participants are those involved or impacted. The PSP is providing information, so they are a participant. The "source" in the example was a role, but here, "PSP" is the actual entity. So I think "PSP" is the participant here, not "source."

So the entities are PSP, the detainee, and Judicial Authorities. Each with their confidence scores. Let me make sure I didn't miss any other terms. The sentence is straightforward. No other organizations or people are mentioned. So the final list should be those three entities with their respective confidence levels.
</think>

[["PSP", 0.95], ["the detainee", 0.9], ["Judicial Authorities", 0.95]]