<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, which might be a bit confusing, but I need to follow the same pattern.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is: "A 17-year-old young man was in a very serious condition after being shot in the chest this morning in the Casal da Mira neighborhood, in Amadora, in the Lisbon district, a PSP source told the Lusa agency."

Breaking it down, the main event is a shooting. The participants here would be the victim, the perpetrator (if mentioned), any organizations or sources, and locations. 

The victim is "A 17-year-old young man." That's definitely a participant. Then, the PSP source is mentioned, which is an organization (Public Security Police). The Lusa agency is another organization. The locations mentioned are Casal da Mira neighborhood, Amadora, Lisbon district. Also, "the Lisbon district" is a location. 

Wait, in the example, they included "Lisbon" multiple times. So even if a location is mentioned more than once, each instance is considered a separate entity? The example had "Lisbon" twice. So I should check for each occurrence.

Looking at the input, "Casal da Mira neighborhood, in Amadora, in the Lisbon district" – so three locations here. Each part might be a separate entity. Also, "PSP source" and "Lusa agency" are organizations. The "source" is mentioned again as "a PSP source" and "the same source" in the example. But in this input, it's "a PSP source told the Lusa agency." So "PSP source" and "Lusa agency" are participants.

Are there any other entities? The age is "17-year-old," but that's a descriptor, not an entity. The time "this morning" is a time phrase, not an entity. The verb "shot" is an action, but the actual participants would be the victim and the perpetrator. However, the perpetrator isn't mentioned here. The text only mentions the victim and the sources. 

So the participants are:

- "A 17-year-old young man" (victim)
- "Casal da Mira neighborhood" (location)
- "Amadora" (location)
- "the Lisbon district" (location)
- "PSP source" (organization)
- "Lusa agency" (organization)

Wait, in the example, they included "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. In this case, "a PSP source" and "the Lusa agency" are both mentioned. So "PSP source" and "Lusa agency" are the entities here. Also, the locations are each separate. 

I need to make sure I don't miss any. Let me check again. The sentence structure: the young man was shot in the neighborhood, in Amadora, in the Lisbon district. So three locations. The PSP source is the one who told the Lusa agency. So the source is part of PSP, and Lusa is another agency. 

Confidence levels: For the victim, I'm pretty confident. The locations are clear. The organizations are mentioned explicitly. The confidence for each would be high, maybe 0.9 or 1.0. However, the example included "to engine" which seems like a part of a phrase, but maybe that's a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was included. But in this case, the only entities are the ones I listed. 

Wait, the example output had "the same source" as a separate entity. In this input, "a PSP source" is mentioned once. So maybe "PSP source" is the entity here. "Lusa agency" is another. 

So the final list would be:

["A 17-year-old young man", 1.0], ["Casal da Mira neighborhood", 0.9], ["Amadora", 0.9], ["the Lisbon district", 0.9], ["PSP source", 0.9], ["Lusa agency", 0.9]

I think that's all. Let me check again for any other possible entities. The time is "this morning," but that's not an entity. The age is a descriptor. The verb "shot" is an action, not an entity. So no other participants. The confidence scores are high because they are explicitly mentioned. Maybe "the Lisbon district" could be considered as "Lisbon" again, but the example included "Lisbon" multiple times, so I should keep it as is.
</think>

[["A 17-year-old young man", 1.0], ["Casal da Mira neighborhood", 0.9], ["Amadora", 0.9], ["the Lisbon district", 0.9], ["PSP source", 0.9], ["Lusa agency", 0.9]]