<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence from a news article, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the appropriate category with a confidence score.

First, the participants to classify are "source", "Lisbon Metropolitan Command", and "Cometlis". 

Starting with "source". In the example provided earlier, "source" was classified as "Per" because it refers to a person or entity providing information. However, in this case, the sentence says "a source from the Lisbon Metropolitan Command (Cometlis)". The term "source" here is likely referring to an individual or a role, but since it's mentioned as "a source from...", it might be part of an organization. Wait, but in the example, "source" was classified as "Per" when it was the person giving the information. However, in this case, the source is from an organization. Hmm, maybe "source" here is a role, but the example had "source" as "Per". Let me check the example again. In the example, "source" was classified as "Per" and "the same source" as "Per". So maybe here, "source" is also a person, so "Per". But the sentence says "a source from the Lisbon Metropolitan Command", which is an organization. So perhaps "source" here is a role within the organization, but the entity is the organization itself. Wait, but the participant to classify is just "source", not "Lisbon Metropolitan Command" or "Cometlis". So maybe "source" is a person, hence "Per". But I'm not entirely sure. Alternatively, if the source is an organization, then "source" would be "Org". But the example had "source" as "Per". Let me think again. The example had "source" as "Per" because it's a person. In this case, the source is from an organization, but the term "source" itself refers to the person. So I think "source" should be "Per" here.

Next, "Lisbon Metropolitan Command". The name includes "Metropolitan Command", which sounds like an organizational structure. The example had "Public Security Police" as "Org". So "Lisbon Metropolitan Command" is likely an organization, so "Org".

Then "Cometlis" is the abbreviation in parentheses. Since it's an abbreviation for the Lisbon Metropolitan Command, and the example had "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" as "Org", Cometlis would also be an organization. So "Cometlis" is "Org".

Confidence scores: For "source", I'm 70% confident it's "Per" because it's a person providing info. "Lisbon Metropolitan Command" is clearly an organization, so 95%. "Cometlis" as an abbreviation for the command, so 90%.
</think>

<Output>[["source", "Per", 0.7], ["Lisbon Metropolitan Command", "Org", 0.95], ["Cometlis", "Org", 0.9]]</Output>