<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example output, "to engine" is listed. But "engine" is a part of "engine failure," so maybe that's an error. Hmm, but the user's example includes "to engine" as a separate entity. Maybe they consider parts of phrases as separate entities if they are significant.

Looking at the input: "He was injured in a very serious condition and was transported to the Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca [Amadora-Sintra]”, he said."

First, identify the entities. The main participants here are "He" (the person injured), "Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca [Amadora-Sintra]" (the hospital), and "he" (the speaker, though the speaker might be a separate entity, but the input says "he said," so the speaker is "he" again, but maybe that's the same person as the injured one? Or a different person? The text is a bit ambiguous. However, the instruction says to extract all participants, so "he" as the speaker would be a participant if they are a separate entity. But in the input, it's unclear if "he" is the same as the injured person or someone else. However, the example output includes "he" as a participant, so maybe we should include "he" here as well.

Wait, in the example output from the user, they have "source" and "the same source" as entities. So even if it's a pronoun, they include it. So in this case, "he" would be included as a participant. Also, the hospital is definitely a participant. The location in brackets, "Amadora-Sintra," is part of the hospital's name, so that's included as part of the hospital's name. The word "he" is mentioned twice, once as the injured person and once as the speaker. But since the text is "he said," it's possible that the speaker is the same as the injured person, but maybe not. However, the instruction is to extract all participants, so both instances of "he" might be considered, but perhaps they are the same entity. However, the example includes "source" and "the same source" as separate entities, so maybe we should include both instances of "he" as separate entities. But in the example, "the same source" is a separate entity. However, in the input here, "he" is mentioned twice, once as the subject and once as the speaker. But without more context, it's hard to tell if they are the same. However, the instruction says to extract all participants, so even if they are the same, we might need to include both instances. But maybe the user expects "he" to be considered once. Alternatively, since the example includes "he" as a participant, perhaps we should include "he" here as well.

So, the entities would be:

- "He" (the injured person)
- "he" (the speaker)
- "Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca [Amadora-Sintra]"

Wait, but in the example, "source" and "the same source" are both included. So in this case, "he" and "he" (same person) would be considered two separate entities. However, that might not be accurate. Alternatively, maybe "he" is considered once. But the example includes "the same source" as a separate entity. So perhaps the user wants all mentions, even if they refer to the same entity. But that could lead to duplicates. However, the example includes "Lisbon" multiple times. So maybe the user is okay with duplicates. Therefore, in this input, "he" is mentioned twice, so both instances would be included. But the user's example includes "Lisbon" multiple times. So perhaps the answer should list each occurrence as a separate entity, even if they refer to the same thing. However, the example output has "Lisbon" listed twice. So following that, in this case, "he" would be listed twice. But maybe the user expects that. However, the example also includes "the same source" as a separate entity, which is a different mention. So perhaps the answer should include all mentions of entities, even if they are the same.

But the user's example includes "the same source" as a separate entity. So in this case, "he" is mentioned twice, so both instances would be included. However, the user's example also includes "the airports" as an entity. So the answer would be:

["He", 0.8], ["he", 0.8], ["Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca [Amadora-Sintra]", 0.95]

But wait, the example output for the first input includes "Lisbon" multiple times. So perhaps the user wants all mentions, even if they are the same. However, in the first example, "Lisbon" is listed twice. So maybe that's acceptable. Therefore, in this input, "he" is mentioned twice, so both instances are included. However, the user might consider "he" as the same entity, but the example includes "the same source" as a separate entity. So perhaps the answer should include both instances of "he" as separate entities. However, the confidence scores would be similar for both. Alternatively, maybe the user expects that "he" is considered once. But without more context, it's safer to follow the example's approach. Therefore, the answer would include both "He" and "he" as separate entities. However, the example includes "the same source" as a separate entity, so maybe the user wants all mentions. Therefore, the answer would be:

["He", 0.8], ["he", 0.8], ["Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca [Amadora-Sintra]", 0.95]

But I need to check the example again. In the first example, "Lisbon" is listed twice. So the user's example includes duplicates. Therefore, in this case, "he" is mentioned twice, so both instances are included. However, the user might have intended that, even if it's the same entity. Therefore, the answer would be as above. However, the confidence scores need to be between 0 and 1. For "He" and "he", the confidence could be around 0.8, and for the hospital, 0.95. The brackets in the hospital name are part of the entity name, so it's included as is. The speaker is "he", so that's included. The injured person is "he", so that's another instance. Therefore, the final answer would be a JSON array with those three entities, each with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["He", 0.8], ["he", 0.8], ["Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca [Amadora-Sintra]", 0.95]]