<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "To Lusa, Cometlis said that the causes of the incident are unknown and that no suspects have yet been identified or detained." The participants to classify are "Lusa" and "Cometlis".

First, I need to determine the classes for each. Let's start with "Lusa". From the previous example, "Lusa" was classified as an Org (organization) because it's a news agency. In this sentence, "To Lusa" is the recipient of the statement, so Cometlis is speaking to Lusa. Since Lusa is a news outlet, it's likely an organization. So, "Lusa" should be Org with high confidence, maybe 0.95.

Next, "Cometlis". The sentence says Cometlis said something. The subject here is Cometlis, which is a person or entity making a statement. If Cometlis is a person, it would be Per. But I need to check if Cometlis is a known organization. Wait, in the previous example, "a Public Security Police" was Org. But Cometlis isn't a known organization. However, in the input, Cometlis is the one making the statement. If it's a person's name, then Per. But if it's a company or organization, then Org. Since the name doesn't ring a bell as a known org, and the context is someone making a statement, it's more likely a person. So, "Cometlis" would be Per with confidence around 0.85.

Wait, but maybe Cometlis is an organization? I'm not sure. Let me think. If there's no prior knowledge, but in the context, the sentence says "Cometlis said", which is similar to "the source said" in the previous example where "source" was classified as Per. So if Cometlis is the speaker, it's a person or a representative of an organization. But without more context, it's safer to assume it's a person unless there's an indication it's an organization. Since the name isn't a known org, I'll go with Per. So, "Cometlis" as Per with 0.85 confidence.

So the final classifications would be:
["Lusa", "Org", 0.95], ["Cometlis", "Per", 0.85]
</think>

<Output>
[["Lusa", "Org", 0.95], ["Cometlis", "Per", 0.85]]
</Output>