<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "To Lusa, Cometlis said that the causes of the incident are unknown and that no suspects have yet been identified or detained."

First, I need to identify all entities here. Let's break it down.

"To Lusa" – Lusa is mentioned here. Lusa is a news agency, so that's an organization. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

"Cometlis" – This is a name, likely a person or an organization. Since it's used as a subject (Cometlis said), it's probably an individual or a group. But without more context, I can't be 100% sure. Maybe 0.8.

"the incident" – The incident is the event being discussed. However, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The incident itself is the event, not a participant. So maybe not include this.

"causes of the incident" – Causes are abstract, not entities. So probably not a participant.

"no suspects have yet been identified or detained." – "suspects" are people involved, but they're not identified yet. The text says no suspects have been identified, so they might not be explicitly mentioned. However, the term "suspects" is a category of participants, but since they aren't named, maybe they aren't included. The instruction says participants are those explicitly mentioned or inferred. If the text refers to suspects, even if not named, does that count? The example given in the task includes "a Public Security Police" as a participant, which is an organization. But "suspects" here are not named, so maybe they aren't included. The example output didn't include "incident" or "causes," so perhaps only explicit entities.

So the entities here are:

- Lusa (organization)
- Cometlis (individual or organization)
- suspects (but not identified, so maybe not)
- the incident (event, not a participant)

Wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In the original example, "source" was part of the sentence. Here, "Cometlis" is the one speaking, so that's a participant. "Lusa" is the entity being addressed. So those two are the main ones.

So the output should be:

["Lusa", 0.95], ["Cometlis", 0.8]

I need to check if "Cometlis" is a proper noun. If it's a name of a person or organization, then it's a participant. Since the sentence says "Cometlis said," it's likely a person or entity. So confidence around 0.8 is reasonable. Lusa is definitely an organization, so higher confidence.

No other entities are mentioned. The rest are general terms or not participants. So the final answer should be those two.
</think>

[["Lusa", 0.95], ["Cometlis", 0.8]]