<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "As it was a crime, the case was handed over to the Judiciary Police (PJ) for investigation." The participants to classify are "Judiciary Police (PJ)" and "the case".

First, I need to determine the classes for each entity based on the given categories. 

Starting with "Judiciary Police (PJ)". From the examples, Org is for organizations. The Judiciary Police is a police force, which is an organization. So that's likely Org. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "the case". The case here refers to a legal case, which is an event or situation being investigated. But according to the classes, Other is for entities not fitting other categories. However, looking back, the definition of Participants includes events or states. Wait, but the classes don't have an event category. The classes are Per, Org, Obj, Nat, Fac, Veh, Path, Pl_water, etc., and Other. 

Wait, the Participants are entities involved in the event. The case here is the subject being handed over. But the classes don't have a specific category for "case" as an event. The closest might be Other, but maybe it's considered an Obj? Or perhaps it's an event, but since there's no event class, it might fall under Other. However, in the example given in the task, "the case" was classified as Other. Let me check the example again. 

In the example provided, "the case" was not present, but looking at the example output, the "source" was classified as Per, which is a person. Wait, in the example given, "source" was classified as Per, but in the input, "source" refers to a person. So, in our current case, "the case" is a legal case, which is an abstract concept. Since the classes don't have a category for abstract events, it would fall under Other. So "the case" would be Other with a confidence of maybe 0.8.

Wait, but looking at the definition of Participants: they are entities involved in or impacted by an event. The case here is the subject being handed over, so it's an entity involved. But the classes don't have a specific category for legal cases. The closest might be Obj, but Obj is for tangible manmade objects. A legal case isn't a physical object. So Other is the correct class here. Therefore, "the case" is Other with confidence 0.8.
</think>

<Output>
[["Judiciary Police (PJ)", "Org", 0.95], ["the case", "Other", 0.8]]
</Output>