<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and provide them with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like organizations, individuals, or even specific terms related to the event.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "As it was a crime, the case was handed over to the Judiciary Police (PJ) for investigation." 

Looking for participants here. The main entities involved are the Judiciary Police (PJ) since they are the ones receiving the case. The term "crime" is mentioned, but is that a participant? According to the definition, participants are those involved or impacted. "Crime" is more of an event or state rather than an entity. So maybe not. 

The "case" is being handed over, but the case itself is an object, not a participant. The Judiciary Police (PJ) are the ones acting here, so they are definitely a participant. The sentence also mentions "the case" but that's the subject being transferred, not an active participant. 

Wait, the definition says participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. "Judiciary Police (PJ)" is an organization, so that's a participant. The "case" might be considered an entity, but the example given in the task didn't include things like "case" unless they were explicitly mentioned as entities. In the example, "plane" and "engine" were included, but "case" here is a bit different. 

Looking back at the example output, they included things like "the same source" and "Lusa." So maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity. But "case" here is the object being handed over, not an active participant. The Judiciary Police are the ones receiving it, so they are the participants. 

So the main participant is "Judiciary Police (PJ)". The "case" might not be a participant since it's the subject of the action, not an actor. Also, the word "crime" is a noun, but it's the reason for the case being handed over, not a participant. 

Therefore, the only participant here is "Judiciary Police (PJ)" with a high confidence. Maybe also "the case" but I'm not sure. Wait, in the example, "the aircraft" and "the plane" were included. So if "the case" is an entity, it might be included. However, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The case is being handed over, so it's involved. But the example didn't include "case" in their output. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "Plane", "engine", "aircraft", etc. So they included the objects involved. But in the given input, the case is the object being transferred. However, the example output included "the aircraft" and "the plane" as participants. So perhaps "the case" should be included here as well. 

But the user's example output for the first input included "the airports" and "Farnborough", etc. So maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity. So "the case" would be an entity here. However, the user's example output didn't include "case" in their example. Wait, the example input was about a plane landing, and the output included "plane", "engine", "aircraft", etc. So in that case, the case here is similar to the plane in the example. So maybe "the case" is a participant. But the user's example output didn't include "case" in their example. Hmm. 

Alternatively, maybe the case is not a participant because it's the subject of the action, not an actor. The Judiciary Police are the ones acting. The case is being handed over, so it's more of an object. The definition says participants can be actors, agents, patients, victims, or observers. So the case could be a patient here. But the example didn't include "case" in their output. 

Wait, looking at the example output again: ["Plane", "to engine", "A plane", "engine", "the aircraft", "a stopped engine", "The aircraft", "The plane", "airport", "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", "the airports", "Farnborough", "England", "Lisbon", "Lusa.", "a Public Security Police", "airline Jota Aviation", "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", "source", "the same source", "Lisbon", "website."]. 

They included "airport" and "airports" as participants. So even if the airport is a location, they included it. So in the current input, "the case" is an object, but maybe it's considered a participant. However, the example didn't include "case" in their output. Wait, the example input was about a plane landing, and the output included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe any noun that refers to an entity. 

But the user's example output includes "the airports" as a participant. So in the current input, "the case" is a noun phrase referring to an entity. Therefore, it should be included. However, the user's example output for the first input didn't include "case" in their output. Wait, the first input's output included "the airports" and "Farnborough", etc. So maybe the case here is a participant. 

But I'm not entirely sure. Let me think again. The definition says participants are those involved in or impacted by the event. The case is being handed over, so it's involved. The Judiciary Police are the ones handling it. So both "the case" and "Judiciary Police (PJ)" are participants. 

But in the example, "the aircraft" and "the plane" were included. So "the case" would be similar. However, the example output didn't include "case" in their example. Wait, the example input was about a plane landing, and the output included "the aircraft" and "the plane" as participants. So in that case, the case here would be similar. 

Therefore, I think "the case" and "Judiciary Police (PJ)" are both participants. But I need to check the confidence. 

Wait, the example output included "the airports" as a participant. So even though "airports" is a location, it's included. So in this case, "the case" is an entity involved in the event, so it should be included. 

But the user's example output for the first input included "Lisbon" as a participant. So even a location is included. So in this case, "the case" is an entity. 

So the participants would be "Judiciary Police (PJ)" and "the case". 

But the example output for the first input included "the airports" and "Farnborough", which are locations. So "the case" is a noun phrase, so it's included. 

Therefore, the output should be:

[["Judiciary Police (PJ)", 0.9], ["the case", 0.7]]

But wait, the user's example output included "Lusa." as a participant. So even with a period, they included it. So maybe "the case" is included. 

But the user's example output also included "source" and "the same source", which are entities. So "the case" is an entity here. 

Alternatively, maybe "case" is not a participant because it's the subject of the action. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The case is being handed over, so it's involved. 

Therefore, I think the correct answer includes both "Judiciary Police (PJ)" and "the case". However, I need to check if "case" is considered a participant. 

Alternatively, maybe "case" is not a participant because it's the object of the verb "handed over", but the subject is "the case". Wait, the sentence is "the case was handed over to the Judiciary Police (PJ) for investigation." So the case is the subject, and the Judiciary Police are the ones receiving it. 

In that case, the case is the one being acted upon, so it's a patient. According to the definition, participants can be patients. So "the case" is a participant. 

Therefore, the answer should include both "Judiciary Police (PJ)" and "the case". 

But in the example, "the aircraft" and "the plane" were included. So "the case" would be similar. 

So the final answer would be:

[["Judiciary Police (PJ)", 0.9], ["the case", 0.7]]

But I'm not 100% sure about "the case". Maybe the user's example didn't include "case" because it's not an entity. Wait, in the example input, the output included "the aircraft" and "the plane", which are specific entities. "The case" is a more abstract entity. But according to the definition, participants can be any entity involved. 

Alternatively, maybe "case" is not considered a participant here. If I'm unsure, perhaps I should only include "Judiciary Police (PJ)" as the participant. 

But the example included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe "the case" is included. 

I think I'll go with including both, but with lower confidence for "the case".
</think>

[["Judiciary Police (PJ)", 0.95], ["the case", 0.7]]