<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, though I need to check if that's accurate.

Looking at the input: "The seizure, carried out by the Coastal Control Unit (UCC) of Matosinhos, occurred on Thursday during a road inspection action aimed at the transport of fresh fish and bivalve molluscs."

First, identify the main entities. The Coastal Control Unit (UCC) of Matosinhos is definitely a participant since they carried out the seizure. Then, the seizure itself is an event, but the question is whether "seizure" is considered a participant. The example included "Plane" and "engine," which are nouns, so maybe actions or events are included as well. However, the definition says participants are entities involved, so maybe the seizure is an event, not a participant. Wait, the example included "engine" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe parts of objects or specific components are considered.

Next, "Matosinhos" is a place, so that's a participant. The road inspection action is an event, but again, the participants would be the entities involved. The transport of fresh fish and bivalve molluscs is the target of the inspection. The fresh fish and bivalve molluscs themselves might be considered as participants since they are the subject of the transport. However, the example included "airport" and "website," which are places or entities. 

Also, "Coastal Control Unit (UCC)" is an organization, so that's a participant. "Matosinhos" is a location, so that's included. The road inspection action is an event, but the participants would be the entities involved in it, like the Coastal Control Unit. The transport of fish and molluscs is an activity, but the participants here might be the entities transporting them, but the text doesn't mention who is transporting. It just says the inspection was aimed at the transport. So maybe "transport" is not a participant, but the entities involved in the transport. However, the text doesn't specify who is transporting, so maybe that's not included. 

Wait, the example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. In the input, "Coastal Control Unit (UCC) of Matosinhos" is the entity that carried out the seizure. So that's a participant. Also, "Matosinhos" as a location. The road inspection action is an event, but the participants would be the entities involved in the action, which is the UCC. The transport of fish and molluscs is the target, but the participants here are the entities involved in that transport. However, the text doesn't mention who is transporting them, so maybe that's not included. 

So possible participants: "Coastal Control Unit (UCC)", "Matosinhos", "road inspection action", "transport of fresh fish and bivalve molluscs", "fresh fish", "bivalve molluscs". Wait, but the example included "engine" as a participant. So maybe parts of the event or objects involved are included. However, the example also included "Lisbon" as a participant, which is a location. So in this case, "Matosinhos" is a location, so that's included. 

But the user's example output included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe "road inspection action" is considered an event, but the participants are the entities involved. The text says the seizure was carried out by the UCC, so that's a participant. The road inspection action is an event, but the participants would be the UCC. The transport of fish and molluscs is the target of the inspection, but the participants here would be the entities involved in the transport. However, the text doesn't mention who is transporting, so maybe that's not included. 

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In the input, the source is "a Public Security Police" in the example. In the current input, the source isn't mentioned, so maybe that's not a participant here. 

So compiling the list: "Coastal Control Unit (UCC)", "Matosinhos", "road inspection action", "transport of fresh fish and bivalve molluscs", "fresh fish", "bivalve molluscs". But I need to check if these are all considered participants. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The UCC is involved. Matosinhos is the location where the seizure occurred. The road inspection action is an event, but the participants are the entities involved in it. The transport of fish and molluscs is the target of the inspection, so maybe the entities involved in that transport are participants, but the text doesn't specify who. 

Alternatively, maybe "fresh fish" and "bivalve molluscs" are considered as participants since they are the subject of the transport. However, the example included "engine" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe even objects involved in the event are considered participants. 

So the final list would be: ["Coastal Control Unit (UCC)", "Matosinhos", "road inspection action", "transport of fresh fish and bivalve molluscs", "fresh fish", "bivalve molluscs"]. But I need to check the confidence for each. For example, "Coastal Control Unit (UCC)" is definitely a participant, confidence 1.0. "Matosinhos" is a location, confidence 1.0. "road inspection action" is an event, but maybe the participants are the entities involved, so maybe not. The example included "action" as a participant? Wait, in the example, "action" isn't in the output. The example output included "airport", "source", etc. So maybe events are not considered participants unless they are entities. 

Wait, the example input had "emergency landing" and "engine failure", but the output included "engine", "a stopped engine", etc. So maybe parts of the event are considered. So in this case, "road inspection action" is an event, but the participants are the entities involved. The UCC is the one carrying out the action. The transport of fish and molluscs is the target, but the participants are the entities involved in that transport. Since the text doesn't mention who is transporting, maybe that's not included. 

Therefore, the participants are: "Coastal Control Unit (UCC)", "Matosinhos", "road inspection action", "transport of fresh fish and bivalve molluscs", "fresh fish", "bivalve molluscs". But I need to check if "road inspection action" is considered a participant. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The action is an event, not an entity. So maybe not. 

So the correct participants would be: "Coastal Control Unit (UCC)", "Matosinhos", "transport of fresh fish and bivalve molluscs", "fresh fish", "bivalve molluscs". However, the "transport" might be an action, not an entity. So maybe only the entities involved in the transport, but since they aren't named, perhaps not. 

Alternatively, the "road inspection action" is an event, but the participants are the entities involved in it, which is the UCC. So maybe "road inspection action" is not a participant, but the UCC is. 

So final list: ["Coastal Control Unit (UCC)", "Matosinhos", "transport of fresh fish and bivalve molluscs", "fresh fish", "bivalve molluscs"]. But I'm not sure about "transport of fresh fish and bivalve molluscs" as a participant. The example included "transport" in the output? Let me check the example again. The example input had "connecting the airports of Farnborough, England, and Lisbon", and the output included "the airports", "Farnborough", "England", "Lisbon". So locations and entities involved in the transport. So in this case, the transport is the action, but the participants are the entities involved in the transport, which are the airports. So maybe in the current input, the participants are the entities involved in the transport, but the text doesn't mention them. Therefore, maybe only "Coastal Control Unit (UCC)", "Matosinhos" are participants. 

But the example included "engine" as a participant. So maybe even parts of the event or objects involved are considered. So "fresh fish" and "bivalve molluscs" are participants. 

So the final answer would be:

[["Coastal Control Unit (UCC)", 1.0], ["Matosinhos", 1.0], ["transport of fresh fish and bivalve molluscs", 0.7], ["fresh fish", 0.8], ["bivalve molluscs", 0.8]]

But I need to check if "transport of fresh fish and bivalve molluscs" is considered a participant. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The transport is an activity, but the entities involved in the transport would be the people or organizations doing the transport. Since the text doesn't mention them, maybe that's not included. However, the example included "transport" as part of the airports. Wait, the example input had "connecting the airports of Farnborough, England, and Lisbon", and the output included "the airports", "Farnborough", "England", "Lisbon". So the airports are locations, not the transport itself. So maybe in this case, the transport is an activity, but the participants are the entities involved in the activity. Since the text doesn't mention who is transporting, maybe that's not included. 

Therefore, the participants are "Coastal Control Unit (UCC)", "Matosinhos", and possibly "fresh fish" and "bivalve molluscs" as the objects involved. 

So the final list would be:

[["Coastal Control Unit (UCC)", 1.0], ["Matosinhos", 1.0], ["fresh fish", 0.8], ["bivalve molluscs", 0.8]]

But I'm not sure if the fish and molluscs are considered participants. The example included "engine" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe objects involved in the event are considered participants. Therefore, including "fresh fish" and "bivalve molluscs" makes sense. 

So the answer would be as above.
</think>

[["Coastal Control Unit (UCC)", 1.0], ["Matosinhos", 1.0], ["road inspection action", 0.8], ["transport of fresh fish and bivalve molluscs", 0.7], ["fresh fish", 0.8], ["bivalve molluscs", 0.8]]