<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or affected by the event. The example they provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo? Hmm, maybe the user wants all noun phrases that could be participants, even if they're parts of larger phrases.

Looking at the input: "A heavy goods vehicle was detected carrying immature cockles, without the legal measure to be captured and sold, in this case, 2.5 centimeters."

First, identify the main entities. The heavy goods vehicle is clearly a participant here. Then, "immature cockles" are being carried, so they might be considered as part of the event. The legal measure is mentioned, but is that a participant? The legal measure is a regulation, not an entity, so maybe not. The "2.5 centimeters" is a measurement, not an entity. 

Wait, the example included "engine" as a participant, even though it's part of the plane. So maybe any noun phrase that's a key element in the event. So "heavy goods vehicle" is a participant. "immature cockles" are the cargo, so they are involved. The legal measure might be a regulation, but not an entity. The "2.5 centimeters" is a measurement, not an entity. 

Also, the verb "detected" implies an authority, but the text doesn't mention who detected it. The example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In this case, the text doesn't mention any specific authority, so maybe not. 

So the participants would be "heavy goods vehicle" and "immature cockles". But wait, the example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. In the input, there's no mention of any organization, so maybe only the vehicle and the cockles. 

Wait, the example also included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. In this case, the location isn't mentioned, so maybe not. The user's input doesn't mention any location. 

So the final list would be ["heavy goods vehicle", "immature cockles"]. But I need to check if "cockles" is a participant. Since they are being carried, they are part of the event. The confidence for "heavy goods vehicle" is high, maybe 0.95. For "immature cockles", maybe 0.85. The other elements like "legal measure" are not entities but concepts. The numbers like 2.5 centimeters are not entities. 

Wait, the example included "Lusa." as a participant. In the input, there's no such entity. So I think only the vehicle and the cockles. Let me make sure I'm not missing anything else. The sentence is about a vehicle carrying cockles without legal measures. The participants are the vehicle and the cockles. The legal measure is a rule, not an entity. So the answer should be those two entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["heavy goods vehicle", 0.95], ["immature cockles", 0.85]]