<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the classes provided. The input sentence is: "According to the source, the male member of the couple had a romantic relationship with the victim." The participants to classify are ["the male member of the couple", "the couple", "the victim", "the source"].

Starting with "the male member of the couple". This refers to a person, specifically a man in a relationship. Since the class 'Per' includes human individuals or characters, this should be 'Per' with high confidence.

Next, "the couple". A couple is two people, so this is a group of individuals. However, the class 'Per' is for individuals or characters, not groups. Wait, the classes don't have a group category. Looking back, 'Org' is for organizations, but a couple isn't an organization. Maybe 'Per' can still apply if it's considered as individuals. But the example given for 'Per' is a single person. Alternatively, 'Other' might be an option if it doesn't fit elsewhere. However, the user might expect 'Per' here since it's people, even if grouped. Hmm, but the example in the task for 'Per' is a single person. Maybe 'Per' is for individuals, and 'Org' for groups. Wait, the 'Org' class includes teams, so maybe a couple isn't an organization. So perhaps 'Per' is still applicable here, treating the couple as two individuals. But the entity is "the couple" as a single term. Maybe 'Other' is more accurate here because it's a group of people but not an organization. Alternatively, maybe 'Per' is acceptable. I need to check the definitions again. The 'Per' class includes human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. So a couple is two individuals, but the term "the couple" refers to the group. Since there's no class for groups, maybe 'Per' is not the right fit. Then 'Other' might be the correct class. But I'm not sure. Let me think again. The example given for 'Per' is "O rapaz" (the boy), which is an individual. So if the entity is a group of people, like "the couple", it might not fit into 'Per'. Therefore, 'Other' could be the class here. But I need to check if there's another possible class. The 'Other' class includes entities that don't fit into the other categories, like "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt). So "the couple" as a group might be 'Other' with medium confidence.

Next, "the victim". This is clearly a person, so 'Per' with high confidence.

Lastly, "the source". The source is likely an organization or a person. In the example provided in the task, "a Public Security Police" was classified as 'Org'. Here, "the source" could be an organization, like a news source or a person. But without more context, it's ambiguous. However, in the example given in the task, "source" was classified as 'Per' when it was a person, but in another case, "a Public Security Police" was 'Org'. If "the source" here is a person, then 'Per'; if it's an organization, then 'Org'. Since the input says "According to the source", it's possible that the source is an organization, like a news agency or a report. But without explicit info, maybe it's safer to assume 'Per' if it's a person. However, the example in the task had "source" as 'Per', but in another example, "a Public Security Police" was 'Org'. So if "the source" is a person, then 'Per'; if it's an organization, then 'Org'. Since the input doesn't specify, but the example in the task's output had "source" as 'Per', maybe that's the case here. Alternatively, maybe it's an organization. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. But given the lack of context, I'll go with 'Per' for "the source" with moderate confidence.
</think>

<Output>
[["the male member of the couple", "Per", 0.95], ["the couple", "Other", 0.7], ["the victim", "Per", 0.95], ["the source", "Per", 0.8]]
</Output>