<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" were included, but I need to check if that's accurate.

Looking at the input sentence: "The objective of the crime was to seize the assets that the victim had with him and also the house that belonged to him," he added."

First, identify the main entities. The crime is the event here. The participants would be the victim, the perpetrator (though not explicitly mentioned), the assets, the house. Wait, but the example included things like "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. However, in this case, the assets and the house are objects, not participants. The victim is a participant, but the perpetrator isn't mentioned. The person who added the statement is a participant? The example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In the input, "he added" refers to someone, but the text doesn't name them. So maybe "he" is a participant? But the example included "source" as a participant even if it's not named. Hmm, but in the example, "a Public Security Police source" was included as "a Public Security Police" and "source". Wait, in the example, they split into parts. So maybe here, "he" is a participant, but since it's not named, maybe it's not included? Or is it considered as "he" as a participant with low confidence?

Wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source" as entities. In the input, the statement is "he added." So "he" is a participant, but since it's not named, maybe we can't be certain. But the task says participants can be inferred from context. However, the example didn't include "he" as a participant. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "source" and "the same source" as entities. The original text had "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So "source" is an entity here. But in the current input, the speaker is "he added," but there's no explicit mention of who "he" is. So maybe "he" is not a participant here because it's not identified. Alternatively, maybe "he" is considered a participant with low confidence. But the example didn't include pronouns unless they were part of a named entity. For example, in the example, "the same source" was included, which refers back to the source mentioned earlier. But in this case, "he" is a pronoun without a prior noun, so it's unclear. Therefore, maybe "he" isn't a participant here.

The main participants would be the victim, the assets, the house. Wait, but the assets and the house are objects, not participants. The victim is a participant. The perpetrator isn't mentioned. The crime itself is an event, not a participant. So the only participant is the victim. But the example included "engine" as a participant. Wait, in the example, "engine" was part of the event's cause (engine failure), so maybe in this case, the assets and the house are participants because they are being seized. But the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. So the victim is impacted, the assets and house are being seized, so they are impacted. However, the definition says participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. Assets and house are objects, not entities. So maybe they are not considered participants. The victim is a participant. The perpetrator is not mentioned. The person who added the statement is "he," but since it's not named, maybe not. So the only participant is the victim. But the example included "engine" as a participant. Wait, in the example, "engine" was part of the event's cause, but the user's definition says participants are those involved or impacted. So maybe the engine is not a participant, but the plane is. Wait, in the example, "plane" was included. So maybe in this case, the victim is the only participant. But the example also included "airport" as a participant. So maybe the airport is a location, but in the example, it was included. So perhaps locations are considered participants. But in the current input, the location isn't mentioned. So the only participant is the victim. But the example included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe in the current input, the victim is the only participant. However, the assets and the house are objects being seized. But according to the definition, participants are entities involved or impacted. So the victim is impacted, the assets and house are being seized, so they are impacted. But are they considered participants? The definition says participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. Assets and house are not entities but objects. So maybe they are not participants. Therefore, the only participant is the victim. However, the example included "engine" as a participant. Wait, in the example, the engine failure was the reason for the emergency landing. So the engine is part of the event's cause. But the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. So maybe the engine is not a participant. But the example included "engine" as a participant. So perhaps the user's example is including any noun phrases related to the event, even if they are not entities. That's confusing. Maybe the user's example is including any noun phrases that are part of the event's description, even if they are not participants. But the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. So maybe the user's example is incorrect, but I have to follow it. Alternatively, maybe the user's example is including all noun phrases that are part of the event's description. So in the current input, "assets", "house", "victim" would be participants. But the assets and house are objects, not entities. However, the example included "engine" as a participant. So perhaps the user is including any noun phrases that are part of the event's description. Therefore, in this case, the participants would be "victim", "assets", "house", and "he" (the speaker). But "he" is a pronoun, not sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "engine" was included as a participant. So maybe any noun phrase that is part of the event's description is considered a participant. Therefore, in the current input, the participants would be "the victim", "assets", "the house", "he" (the speaker). But the example didn't include "he" as a participant. Wait, in the example, the output included "source" and "the same source" as participants. So if "he" is a source, then maybe "he" is a participant. But in the current input, "he added" is the speaker, but it's not clear who "he" is. So maybe "he" is not a participant. Therefore, the participants are "the victim", "assets", "the house". But the example included "engine" as a participant. So maybe the user is including any noun phrases that are part of the event's description, even if they are objects. So in this case, "the victim", "assets", "the house" would be participants. But the example also included "airport" as a participant. So maybe locations are included. But in this input, there's no mention of a location. So the answer would be ["victim", "assets", "house"] with confidence scores. However, the example included "engine" as a participant, which is a noun phrase. So perhaps the user is including any noun phrases that are part of the event's description, even if they are not entities. Therefore, in this case, "the victim", "assets", "the house" would be participants. But the example included "engine" as a participant. So maybe the user is including any noun phrases that are part of the event's description. Therefore, the answer would be ["the victim", "assets", "the house", "he"] with confidence scores. However, "he" is a pronoun, and the example didn't include pronouns unless they were part of a named entity. So maybe "he" is not a participant. Therefore, the answer is ["the victim", "assets", "the house"] with confidence scores. But the example included "engine" as a participant, which is a noun. So in this case, the answer would be ["the victim", "assets", "the house"] with confidence. But the example also included "airport" as a participant. So maybe locations are included. But in this input, there's no location mentioned. Therefore, the answer is ["the victim", "assets", "the house"] with confidence. But the example included "engine" as a participant, which is part of the event's cause. So maybe the user is including any noun phrases that are part of the event's description. Therefore, the answer is ["the victim", "assets", "the house"].
</think>

[["the victim", 0.9], ["assets", 0.7], ["the house", 0.8]]