<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo? Hmm, maybe the user expects all noun phrases that could be participants, even if they're not full entities.

Looking at the input: "The detainees, he is 61 years old and she is 48 years old, live in the city of Braga."

First, identify the main entities. "The detainees" is a group, so that's a participant. Then, "he" and "she" are individuals. The ages are attributes, not entities. "Braga" is a city, so that's a location, which might be considered a participant if it's impacted. The sentence says they live in Braga, so Braga is involved. Also, the city of Braga is mentioned, so "the city of Braga" might be the full noun phrase.

Wait, the example output included "airport" as a participant. So even generic terms like "airport" if they are part of the event. But in this case, "city of Braga" is specific. So "the city of Braga" would be the entity. Also, "he" and "she" are individuals, so they should be included. But the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. So pronouns and their references are included.

So the participants here would be:

- The detainees (group)
- he (individual)
- she (individual)
- the city of Braga (location)

Wait, but the example included "Lisbon" as a participant. So even if it's a city name, it's included. So "Braga" as a city would be a participant. Also, "the city of Braga" is the full noun phrase. Should I include both "Braga" and "the city of Braga"? The example included "at Humberto Delgado Airport" and "Lisbon" separately. So maybe both the full noun phrase and the city name. But in the input, it's "the city of Braga", so the full phrase is "the city of Braga", and "Braga" as the city name. But the example had "Lisbon" and "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as separate entries. So perhaps both the full noun phrase and the city name are included. However, in the input, "the city of Braga" is the full phrase, so maybe just that. But the example had "airport" as a standalone entity. Hmm, maybe the user wants all noun phrases that could be participants, even if they are not full entities. But I need to be careful.

So, the sentence mentions "the detainees", "he", "she", and "the city of Braga". The ages are not entities. So the participants are:

["The detainees", "he", "she", "the city of Braga"]

Now, confidence scores. "The detainees" is definitely a group, so 1.0. "he" and "she" are individuals, but since they are pronouns, maybe lower confidence? But the example included "source" and "the same source" with confidence 1.0. Wait, in the example, "source" was included as a participant. So pronouns like "he" and "she" would be participants. So confidence for "he" and "she" would be 1.0. "the city of Braga" is a specific location, so 1.0. But maybe the user expects "Braga" instead of "the city of Braga"? Let me check the example again. The example had "Lisbon" and "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as separate entries. So "the city of Braga" would be the full phrase, and "Braga" as the city name. But in the input, it's "the city of Braga", so the full noun phrase. However, in the example, "airport" was included as a standalone entity. So maybe "Braga" is the entity here. But the input says "the city of Braga", so maybe the full phrase is the entity. But the example included "Lisbon" as a separate entity. So perhaps in this case, "the city of Braga" is the entity, and "Braga" is not mentioned. Alternatively, maybe "Braga" is the entity. But the input uses "the city of Braga", so the full phrase is the entity. However, the example had "Lisbon" and "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as separate entries. So in that case, "the city of Braga" would be the entity, and "Braga" is part of it. But maybe the user expects both. Wait, the example output included "Lisbon" as a separate entry. So in this case, "the city of Braga" is the entity, and "Braga" is the city name. But the input doesn't mention "Braga" alone, only "the city of Braga". So perhaps only "the city of Braga" is the entity here. But maybe "Braga" is also a participant as the city. However, the example included "Lisbon" as a participant. So in this case, "Braga" would be the participant. But the input says "the city of Braga", so maybe the full phrase is the entity. Hmm, this is a bit ambiguous. But given the example, I think "the city of Braga" is the entity here, and "Braga" is not mentioned. So the participants are "The detainees", "he", "she", and "the city of Braga". All with confidence 1.0.

Wait, but in the example, "airport" was included as a participant. So even if it's a generic term. So in this case, "the city of Braga" is a specific entity, so it's included. So the final list would be:

[
  ["The detainees", 1.0],
  ["he", 1.0],
  ["she", 1.0],
  ["the city of Braga", 1.0]
]

But wait, the example output included "Lisbon" as a participant. So in that case, even the city name is included. But in the input, the city is mentioned as "the city of Braga", so maybe "Braga" is the entity. However, the example had "Lisbon" as a separate entry. So maybe in this case, "Braga" is the entity. But the input uses "the city of Braga", so the full phrase. But the example included "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as an entity. So perhaps the full noun phrase is the entity. Therefore, "the city of Braga" is the entity here. So the answer would be as above.
</think>

[["The detainees", 1.0], ["he", 1.0], ["she", 1.0], ["the city of Braga", 1.0]]