<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes. Let me start by understanding the sentence and the entities involved.

The sentence is: "De acordo com fonte do Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa (Cometlis), o alerta para a ocorrência foi dado às 00:53."

Participants to classify are ["fonte", "Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa (Cometlis)", "o alerta"].

First, I need to determine the class for each entity.

Starting with "fonte". In the context, "fonte" refers to a source, which is a person or organization providing information. The example given in the task shows that "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person). However, in the example, "fonte" was used as a singular entity, but here, "fonte" is mentioned as "fonte do Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa (Cometlis)", which might imply that the source is an individual or a representative from the organization. However, the term "fonte" can sometimes be a generic term for a source, which might be an organization. But in the example provided earlier, "fonte" was classified as "Per", so maybe here it's the same. But I need to check if "fonte" here is a person or an organization. Since it's "fonte do Comando...", it's likely that the source is a person from the Comando. However, without more context, it's safer to go with the example. Wait, in the example given in the task, "fonte" was classified as "Per" and "a mesma fonte" also as "Per". So maybe "fonte" here is a person. So I'll go with "Per" for "fonte".

Next, "Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa (Cometlis)". This is an organization, specifically a command or a government body. The class "Org" is for entities with an organizational structure. So this should be "Org".

Lastly, "o alerta". The alert is an event or a notification. The classes include "Other" for entities that don't fit elsewhere. However, "alerta" is an abstract concept, not a physical object or a place. The "Other" class includes things like smells or abstract concepts. But looking at the definitions, "Other" is for entities that don't fit into other categories. However, "alerta" is an event, but the classes don't have an event category. The participants are entities involved in the event. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved in or impacted by an event. But "alerta" here is the event itself. However, the task is to classify the participants, which are the entities involved. But "alerta" is the event, not an entity. Wait, maybe "alerta" is being used as the thing that was given, so it's an object? But "alerta" is an abstract noun. The example given in the task had "um cheiro a queimado" as "Other". So "alerta" might be classified as "Other" since it's an abstract concept. Alternatively, if "alerta" is considered a thing that can be given, maybe as an object. But "Obj" is for tangible, manmade objects. "Alerta" is not a physical object. So "Other" seems more appropriate here.

So the classifications would be:

- "fonte" → Per (confidence 0.8)
- "Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa (Cometlis)" → Org (confidence 0.95)
- "o alerta" → Other (confidence 0.7)

Wait, but in the example provided in the task, "fonte" was classified as "Per", so I think that's correct here. The Comando is an organization, so Org. The alert is an event, but since there's no class for events, it's Other. Alternatively, maybe "alerta" is a role, but the classes don't have that. So Other is the best fit.
</think>

<Output>[["fonte", "Per", 0.8], ["Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa (Cometlis)", "Org", 0.95], ["o alerta", "Other", 0.7]]</Output>