<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, organizations, places, etc., that are involved or affected by the event.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "Ficou ferido em estado muito grave e foi transportado para o Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca [Amadora-Sintra]”, referiu."

Looking at the sentence, the main event is someone being injured and transported to a hospital. The participants here would be the person who was injured and the hospital they were taken to. 

The phrase "Ficou ferido" refers to the person who was injured, but the text doesn't explicitly name them. However, since the sentence is in the third person ("Ficou"), it's possible that the subject is implied but not named. In such cases, the pronoun or the verb might be considered, but the example given in the task includes "Avião" and similar entities even when they are not explicitly named. Wait, in the example, they included "o motor" and "a aeronave" even though they were parts of the plane. So maybe even if the subject isn't named, the entity is still extracted based on the context.

In this case, the injured person is referred to as "Ficou ferido" but there's no explicit name. However, the example output includes entities like "o motor" and "a aeronave" even when they are not named. So perhaps in this case, the participant is "o ferido" (the injured person), even though they aren't named. But the example output didn't include "o ferido" in similar cases. Wait, looking back at the example input, the output includes "Avião" and "o motor" as participants. The user might be considering any noun that is involved in the event, even if it's not a person.

Wait, the definition says participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. So in this case, the injured person is an individual, but since they aren't named, maybe they are not included? But the example includes "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" even though they are not named. Hmm, that's confusing. In the example, "fonte" is used as an entity even though it's not a specific person. So maybe even if the entity isn't explicitly named, but referred to in a general way, it's considered a participant.

So in the current input, the injured person is referred to as "Ficou ferido" but there's no name. However, the example includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. So maybe "o ferido" is considered a participant here. But the user might not want to include pronouns or generic terms unless they are explicitly named. Wait, the example includes "o motor" which is a part of the plane, not a person. So maybe any noun that is part of the event is considered a participant.

In this case, the main entities are the injured person (even if not named) and the hospital. The hospital is explicitly named as "Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca [Amadora-Sintra]". The brackets might indicate a location, so "Amadora-Sintra" could be a location associated with the hospital. However, the example includes "Lisboa" and "Farnborough" as separate entities. So maybe "Amadora-Sintra" is a separate entity here.

So the participants would be:

1. "o ferido" (the injured person) – but since they aren't named, maybe the confidence is lower. However, the example includes "fonte" which is a generic term. So perhaps "o ferido" is acceptable.

2. "Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca" – the hospital.

3. "Amadora-Sintra" – the location of the hospital.

But wait, in the example, "Lisboa" is included multiple times, and "os aeroportos" as well. So maybe even if the entity is a location, it's included. So here, "Amadora-Sintra" would be a participant as the location of the hospital.

But the user's example output includes "aeroporto" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as separate entities. So in this case, "Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca" and "Amadora-Sintra" would be separate.

Additionally, the verb "referiu" (said) might imply a speaker, but the example includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. However, in this input, the speaker isn't mentioned, so maybe that's not included.

So compiling the list:

- "o ferido" (injured person) – confidence maybe 0.7 since it's not explicitly named but implied.

- "Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca" – confidence 1.0.

- "Amadora-Sintra" – confidence 1.0.

But wait, the example includes "Lisboa" multiple times. So maybe "Amadora-Sintra" is a separate entity here. Also, the hospital's name is a proper noun, so that's definitely a participant.

But the user's example includes "a aeronave" and "o avião" as separate entities. So in this case, "Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca" is one entity, and "Amadora-Sintra" is another.

So the final list would be:

["o ferido", 0.7], ["Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca", 1.0], ["Amadora-Sintra", 1.0]

But I need to check if "Amadora-Sintra" is a participant. Since it's the location of the hospital, and the hospital is the participant, maybe "Amadora-Sintra" is also a participant as the location. The example includes "Lisboa" as a participant, so locations are included.

Alternatively, maybe the hospital's name includes the location, so "Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca [Amadora-Sintra]" is considered as one entity. But in the example, "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" is split into "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" and "Lisboa" as separate entities. So here, "Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca" and "Amadora-Sintra" would be separate.

So I think that's the way to go. The confidence for "o ferido" is lower because it's not explicitly named, but the example includes "fonte" which is a generic term. So maybe 0.7 is acceptable.

Another thing: the example includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. In this input, the speaker is not mentioned, so maybe "referiu" is from an unspecified source, but the example doesn't include that. So perhaps "referiu" is not a participant here.

So the final answer would be the three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["o ferido", 0.7], ["Hospital Professor Doutor Fernando Fonseca", 1.0], ["Amadora-Sintra", 1.0]]