<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., and they might be mentioned explicitly or inferred.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "À Lusa, o Cometlis adiantou que as causas para o incidente são desconhecidas e que ainda não foram identificados ou detidos quaisquer suspeitos."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "Lusa" (a news agency), "Cometlis" (probably a company or organization), and "suspeitos" (suspects). The text mentions that Cometlis informed Lusa about the incident. The suspects are mentioned but not identified, so they might be considered participants even if they are not named.

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were repeated. So repetition might be allowed here as well. However, I need to check if each mention is a separate entity or if duplicates should be merged. The example seems to list each occurrence, so I should follow that.

In the given input, "À Lusa" is a prepositional phrase, so "Lusa" is the entity. "o Cometlis" is another entity. "suspeitos" is plural, but the example used "quaisquer suspeitos" which might be considered as a group. However, the example output included "suspeitos" as a separate entity. Wait, in the example, they had "quaisquer suspeitos" but in the output, it's "suspeitos" with a confidence. So maybe even if it's plural, it's considered a single entity.

So, the entities here would be:

- Lusa (confidence high, since it's a proper noun and mentioned directly)
- Cometlis (another proper noun, likely an organization)
- suspeitos (the suspects, even though they are not identified, they are mentioned as participants in the incident)

Now, checking for any other possible participants. The text says "o Cometlis adiantou que as causas... são desconhecidas" – Cometlis is the one informing, so they are a participant. The "incidente" is the event, but the participants are those involved, not the event itself. The "causas" are unknown, but that's not an entity. The "suspeitos" are the ones not identified or detained, so they are participants even if not named.

So the list would be:

["Lusa", 0.9], ["Cometlis", 0.9], ["suspeitos", 0.7]

Wait, but in the example, they had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So if the same entity is mentioned again, it's listed again. However, in this case, "Lusa" is mentioned once, "Cometlis" once, and "suspeitos" once. So the output would be those three entities with their confidence scores.

I need to make sure that I'm not missing any other entities. The text doesn't mention any other organizations, people, or groups. The only participants are Lusa, Cometlis, and the suspects. The "incidente" is the event, not a participant. The "causas" are not entities. So the final answer should be those three entities with appropriate confidence levels.
</think>

[["Lusa", 0.95], ["Cometlis", 0.9], ["suspeitos", 0.7]]