<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "Por se tratar de um crime, o caso foi entregue à Polícia Judiciária (PJ) para investigação." The participants to classify are "o caso" and "Polícia Judiciária (PJ)".

First, I need to understand the context. The sentence says that because it's a crime, the case was handed over to the Police Judicial (PJ) for investigation. 

Starting with "o caso". The term "caso" translates to "case" in English. In legal contexts, a case is typically an event or situation that is under investigation. According to the classes provided, "Other" is for entities that don't fit into the other categories. However, looking at the examples, "case" might be considered as a state or event, but the classes don't have a specific category for that. The closest might be "Other" since it's not a person, organization, object, natural entity, facility, etc. But wait, the definition of participants includes states or events. However, the classes don't have a category for events. The example given for "Other" is "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt), which is a sensory experience. So maybe "o caso" is an event, but since there's no class for events, it might fall under "Other". Alternatively, if "case" is considered a legal case, which is a concept, but the classes don't have a category for that. Hmm, maybe "Other" is the best fit here with moderate confidence.

Next, "Polícia Judiciária (PJ)". This is clearly an organization, specifically a police force. The class "Org" is for organizations, companies, governments, etc. The example given for "Org" is "A EDP" (a company). So "Polícia Judiciária" is an organization, so "Org" is the correct class here with high confidence.

So the classifications would be:
- "o caso" as "Other" with confidence 0.7.
- "Polícia Judiciária (PJ)" as "Org" with confidence 0.95.

I need to make sure there's no other possible class for "o caso". Let me check the classes again. "Per" is for people, "Org" for organizations, "Obj" for objects, "Nat" for natural entities, "Fac" for facilities, "Veh" for vehicles, "Path" for locations, "Pl_water", "Pl_celestial", etc., and "Loc" for places not fitting other Pl_ categories. "Other" is for things that don't fit. Since "o caso" is a legal case, not a physical object, person, or place, "Other" seems correct. So the answer should be as above.
</think>

<Output>[["o caso", "Other", 0.7], ["Polícia Judiciária (PJ)", "Org", 0.95]]</Output>