<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like organizations, individuals, or groups mentioned in the text. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Por se tratar de um crime, o caso foi entregue à Polícia Judiciária (PJ) para investigação." 

Breaking this down, the main entities here are "Polícia Judiciária (PJ)" and possibly "o caso" since it's the subject being handled. However, "o caso" is a general term referring to the case, which might not be considered a participant in the traditional sense. The definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. The case is the subject being dealt with, but maybe not a participant itself. 

Looking at the example output from the user, they included entities like "Avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc., even if they were repeated. So repetition is allowed. Also, "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" were included. 

In the current input, "Polícia Judiciária (PJ)" is definitely an organization involved. The case is being handed over to them, so they are the recipient. The subject "o caso" might be considered as the entity being acted upon, but the definition mentions participants as those involved or impacted. The case is impacted here, so maybe it should be included. However, in the example, "o caso" wasn't mentioned, but the example input had different entities. Wait, in the example input, "o caso" wasn't part of the output. Let me check again. The example input was about an emergency landing, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So maybe the case here is similar to "o caso" being the subject, but in the example, the case wasn't listed. Hmm, maybe the case isn't considered a participant here. 

Alternatively, maybe "o caso" is the case itself, which is the subject of the action, but the participants are the entities involved in the action. The action is handing over the case to the PJ. So the participants would be the case (as the subject) and the PJ (as the recipient). But I need to check if "o caso" is considered a participant. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The case is being handled, so it's impacted. However, in the example, "o caso" wasn't included. Wait, the example input didn't mention "o caso" either. Let me check the example again. The example input was about an emergency landing, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So maybe "o caso" here is similar to "the case" being the subject, but in the example, the case wasn't listed. Maybe the case isn't considered a participant here. 

Alternatively, maybe "o caso" is a participant because it's the thing being acted upon. But in the example, the output didn't include "o caso" even though the case was the subject. Wait, the example input was about an emergency landing, and the output included "a aeronave", "o avião", etc. So maybe the case here is similar to the case in the example, but in the example, the case wasn't listed. Therefore, perhaps "o caso" isn't considered a participant here. 

So the main participant is "Polícia Judiciária (PJ)". The user might also consider "o caso" as a participant, but I need to decide based on the definition. The definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. The case is being handled, so it's impacted. However, in the example, the case wasn't listed. Maybe the case isn't considered an entity here. Alternatively, maybe the user expects only the organizations or people involved. 

Another angle: the user's example included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source), which are entities. So in this input, "o caso" might be considered as an entity. But the example didn't include "o caso" in their output. Wait, looking back, the example input was about an emergency landing, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So they included the subject and objects. So in this case, "o caso" is the subject, so maybe it should be included. 

But the user's example output didn't include "o caso" in their example. Wait, the example input was about an emergency landing, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So maybe the case here is similar to the subject of the sentence, which is "o caso", so it should be included. 

So the participants would be "o caso" and "Polícia Judiciária (PJ)". However, the user's example included "a aeronave" and "o avião" even though they were the same thing. So maybe "o caso" is included here. 

But I need to check the confidence. For "o caso", the confidence might be lower because it's a general term. However, in the example, "o caso" wasn't included, but the example input had different entities. Maybe the user expects only the organizations or people involved. 

Alternatively, maybe "o caso" is not a participant but the subject of the action. The participants are the ones involved in the action. The action is handing over the case to the PJ. So the participants are the PJ and the case. 

But the example output included "o caso" if it was present. Wait, no, in the example input, the case wasn't mentioned. So maybe in this input, "o caso" is the subject, and "Polícia Judiciária (PJ)" is the recipient. So both are participants. 

Therefore, the output would be:

[["o caso", 0.7], ["Polícia Judiciária (PJ)", 0.9]]

But I need to check if "o caso" is considered a participant. If the definition includes entities that are impacted, then yes. However, in the example, "o caso" wasn't included. Maybe the user considers only the entities that are explicitly named or have a role. 

Alternatively, maybe "o caso" is not a participant because it's not an entity but a general term. The example included "a aeronave" and "o avião" which are specific entities. In this case, "o caso" is a general term, so maybe it's not considered a participant. 

So the only participant is "Polícia Judiciária (PJ)". 

But the example included "o caso" in their output? Wait, no. The example input was about an emergency landing, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., but not "o caso". So maybe "o caso" here is not a participant. 

Therefore, the correct answer is just "Polícia Judiciária (PJ)" with high confidence. 

But I need to be sure. The definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. The case is being handled by the PJ, so it's impacted. However, the case is not an entity but the subject. The PJ is the organization involved. 

Alternatively, maybe "o caso" is considered a participant as it's the subject of the action. But in the example, the subject was the airplane, which was included. So in this case, "o caso" is the subject, so it should be included. 

Therefore, the output would be:

[["o caso", 0.7], ["Polícia Judiciária (PJ)", 0.9]]

But I'm not entirely sure. The user's example included "o caso" if it was present. Wait, in the example input, the case wasn't mentioned. So maybe the user expects only the entities that are explicitly named. 

In the given input, "o caso" is a noun phrase, but it's not a specific entity. The PJ is a specific organization. So maybe only the PJ is considered a participant. 

Therefore, the final answer is [["Polícia Judiciária (PJ)", 0.9]].
</think>

[["o caso", 0.6], ["Polícia Judiciária (PJ)", 0.9]]