<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "The GNR of Leiria announced today that it detected an illegal discharge of pig effluents into the soil, in the parish of Bidoeira de Cima, in the municipality of Leiria, after a patrolling action."

Breaking it down, the main event is the detection of an illegal discharge. The GNR of Leiria is the one announcing and detecting it. So GNR is definitely a participant. The municipality of Leiria is mentioned, but is that a participant? The definition says entities impacted or involved. Since the discharge happened in Bidoeira de Cima, which is part of Leiria municipality, maybe the municipality is involved. But the text doesn't explicitly say the municipality was impacted, just the location. Hmm.

Then there's the parish of Bidoeira de Cima. That's the location where the discharge occurred. The effluents are from pigs, so maybe "pig effluents" is a participant? But the definition says participants are entities, not things like effluents. Wait, the example included "to engine" and "a stopped engine," which are parts of the plane. But in this case, "pig effluents" is the substance, not an entity. So maybe not.

The GNR of Leiria is an organization, so that's a participant. The municipality and parish are locations, but are they considered participants? The example included "airport" and "the airports," so maybe locations can be participants if they are involved. But in the example, "airport" was part of the event (emergency landing at the airport). Here, the parish and municipality are locations where the event happened, so they might be included as participants. However, the example also included "Lisbon" as a participant, which is a city. So perhaps places are included if they are part of the event's location.

Also, the "patrolling action" is mentioned, but that's an action, not an entity. The "illegal discharge" is an event, not a participant. The "effluents" are the substance, not an entity. The "soil" is part of the environment affected, but again, not an entity.

So the main participants would be GNR of Leiria, the parish of Bidoeira de Cima, the municipality of Leiria. Wait, but the example included "Lisbon" as a participant even though it's a city. So maybe the locations are included. Also, the GNR is an organization, so that's a participant. The "patrolling action" is an action by the GNR, but the action itself isn't an entity. The "illegal discharge" is the event, not a participant. 

Wait, the example output included "airport" and "the airports," which are locations. So in this case, the parish and municipality are locations where the event occurred, so they should be included. Also, the GNR of Leiria is the organization that detected it, so they are a participant. The "effluents" are the substance, but not an entity. The "soil" is part of the environment, but again, not an entity. 

So the participants would be:

- GNR of Leiria (organization)
- parish of Bidoeira de Cima (location)
- municipality of Leiria (location)
- pig effluents? Wait, no. The example included "engine" as a participant, but that's part of the plane. However, "pig effluents" is a substance, not an entity. So maybe not. 

Wait, the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine," which are parts of the plane. So maybe parts of the event are included. But in this case, the effluents are the cause of the event. However, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The effluents are the illegal discharge, which is the event itself. So maybe not. 

So the final list would be:

["GNR of Leiria", 0.9], ["parish of Bidoeira de Cima", 0.8], ["municipality of Leiria", 0.8], ["pig effluents", 0.5?]. Wait, but the example didn't include things like "effluents" as participants. The example had "engine" as a participant. So maybe "pig effluents" is a participant here. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, the effluents are the substance involved in the event, so they might be considered. However, the example included "engine" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe "pig effluents" is a participant here. But I'm not certain. 

Alternatively, the main participants are the GNR, the locations, and the effluents. But the effluents are the illegal discharge, which is the event. So maybe not. 

Alternatively, the participants are the GNR, the locations, and the effluents. But I need to check the example again. In the example, "engine" was included, which is part of the plane. So maybe "pig effluents" is included as a participant. 

But the user's example output included "to engine" and "a stopped engine," which are parts of the plane. So in this case, "pig effluents" is the substance involved in the event. So maybe it's a participant. 

But the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The effluents are the cause, but they are not an entity. Wait, the effluents are a substance, which is a thing. So maybe they are considered a participant. 

Alternatively, the effluents are the illegal discharge, which is the event. So maybe not. 

This is a bit ambiguous. Let me think again. The example included "engine" as a participant. So in this case, "pig effluents" would be similar. So I'll include it. 

So the final list would be:

["GNR of Leiria", 0.9], ["parish of Bidoeira de Cima", 0.8], ["municipality of Leiria", 0.8], ["pig effluents", 0.7]. 

But I'm not sure about the effluents. Maybe the user expects only the GNR and the locations. Let me check the example again. The example included "airport" as a participant. So in this case, the locations (parish and municipality) are participants. The GNR is the organization. The effluents are the substance, but the example included "engine" as a participant. So maybe "pig effluents" is a participant. 

Alternatively, the effluents are the illegal discharge, which is the event, not a participant. 

Hmm. This is tricky. I think the safest is to include GNR of Leiria, the parish, and the municipality. The effluents might not be considered a participant here. So the final answer would be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["GNR of Leiria", 0.95], ["parish of Bidoeira de Cima", 0.85], ["municipality of Leiria", 0.8]]