<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases or specific terms are included with confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "The GNR Territorial Command, through the Leiria Environmental Protection Center, informs that, on November 27th, it detected an illegal discharge of livestock effluent into the soil, originating from an agricultural holding."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "The GNR Territorial Command" – This is an organization, clearly mentioned as the one informing. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.
2. "Leiria Environmental Protection Center" – Another organization involved, mentioned as the through which the GNR acted. Confidence around 0.9.
3. "November 27th" – A date, but is it a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The date is a time reference, not an entity. So probably not included.
4. "it" – Refers back to GNR, but since it's a pronoun, maybe not necessary. The example didn't include pronouns like "he" or "it" unless they refer to a specific entity. But in the example, "the same source" was included. Here, "it" refers to GNR, but since GNR is already listed, maybe "it" isn't needed. However, the example included "the same source" as a separate entity. So maybe "it" is a pronoun pointing to GNR, but since GNR is already there, perhaps not adding "it".
5. "illegal discharge" – This is an event, not a participant. The participant would be the entity causing the discharge, which is the agricultural holding.
6. "livestock effluent" – A substance, not a participant.
7. "soil" – A location, but not an entity. The example included "airport" as a participant, so maybe "soil" isn't here. Wait, in the example, "airport" was included, but in the input, "airport" was part of the location. However, in the given input, "soil" is part of the event's context, not an entity. So probably not a participant.
8. "originating from an agricultural holding" – The agricultural holding is the source. So "agricultural holding" is a participant here. Confidence maybe 0.85.

Wait, the example included "the airports" as a participant. In that case, the airports were part of the event's context. Here, the agricultural holding is the source of the illegal discharge, so it's a participant. So "agricultural holding" should be included with a confidence score.

Other possible entities: "GNR" is part of "The GNR Territorial Command", but the full name is already included. "Leiria Environmental Protection Center" is a separate entity.

So compiling the list:

- "The GNR Territorial Command" (0.95)
- "Leiria Environmental Protection Center" (0.9)
- "agricultural holding" (0.85)

Wait, but the example included "the same source" as a participant. In that case, the source was a person or organization. Here, "it" refers to GNR, which is already listed. So "it" isn't a separate entity. Also, "the GNR Territorial Command" is the main entity, and "Leiria Environmental Protection Center" is another. The agricultural holding is the one causing the discharge, so it's a participant. 

I need to check if "GNR" is a known entity. GNR is the Portuguese National Republican Guard, so it's an organization. The Leiria Environmental Protection Center is a specific center under GNR. So both are participants. The agricultural holding is the one responsible for the illegal discharge, so it's a participant. 

So the final list would be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["The GNR Territorial Command", 0.95], ["Leiria Environmental Protection Center", 0.9], ["agricultural holding", 0.85]]