<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Um homem de 50 anos foi detido hoje por maltratar física e psicologicamente a mãe de 73 anos, em Gondomar, no distrito do Porto, referiu a GNR."

Breaking this down, the main event is a man being detained for abusing his mother. The participants here would be the man, his mother, the location (Gondomar, Porto), and the GNR (which is the Portuguese National Republican Guard, a law enforcement agency).

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were repeated. So I need to make sure I capture all mentions, even if they're the same entity mentioned multiple times with different phrases.

In the input sentence, "Um homem de 50 anos" is the person detained. Then "a mãe de 73 anos" is the victim. The locations are "Gondomar", "distrito do Porto". The GNR is mentioned as the source of the report. Also, "a GNR" is explicitly mentioned, so that's an organization.

I need to check if "homem" and "mãe" are considered participants. Since they are individuals involved in the event, yes. Also, the locations are part of the context where the event happened, so they are participants as per the definition. The GNR is the entity reporting the incident, so they are also a participant.

Now, considering the confidence scores. For "Um homem de 50 anos" and "a mãe de 73 anos", I can be pretty confident (maybe 0.95) as they are directly mentioned as the subject and object. The locations might be a bit lower, maybe 0.85, since they are part of the context but not directly involved in the action. The GNR is explicitly mentioned as the reporting entity, so confidence around 0.9.

I should also check for any other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations or people. The age details are part of the description of the individuals, so they are included as part of the entity names.

So compiling the list:

- "Um homem de 50 anos" (confidence 0.95)
- "a mãe de 73 anos" (confidence 0.95)
- "Gondomar" (confidence 0.85)
- "distrito do Porto" (confidence 0.85)
- "a GNR" (confidence 0.9)

Wait, in the example, they included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if the same location is mentioned in different phrases, they are all included. Here, "Gondomar" and "distrito do Porto" are different entities but both locations. So they should be separate entries.

Also, "a GNR" is the organization, so that's one entity. The confidence for "a GNR" is high because it's explicitly mentioned as the source.

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any other participants. The sentence doesn't mention any other entities. The ages are part of the entity descriptions, so they are included as part of the entity names. So the final list should be those five entries with their respective confidence scores.
</think>

[["Um homem de 50 anos", 0.95], ["a mãe de 73 anos", 0.95], ["Gondomar", 0.85], ["distrito do Porto", 0.85], ["a GNR", 0.9]]