<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, or things involved in the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Após a realização de uma busca domiciliária, a GNR apreendeu duas armas brancas, frisou." 

Breaking it down, the main event here is the GNR (Guarda Nacional Republicana) conducting a search and seizing two weapons. The participants would be the GNR, the weapons, and possibly the location where the search took place. However, the location isn't explicitly mentioned here, so maybe just the GNR and the weapons.

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were repeated. So repetition might be allowed here. But I need to check if each instance is a separate entity or if duplicates should be merged. The example includes duplicates like "o motor" and "um motor", so I think each mention is treated as a separate entity even if they refer to the same thing.

In the given input, "a GNR" is clearly an organization, so that's a participant. "duas armas brancas" are the items seized, so they are participants as well. The phrase "frisou" might refer to someone making a statement, but the subject isn't mentioned. The example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" even when the source wasn't named, so maybe "frisou" implies an unnamed source. However, in the input, the subject isn't specified, so maybe "frisou" is an action without a clear participant. But the example included "fonte" as a participant even when not explicitly named, so perhaps here "frisou" could be considered as an action by an unspecified entity. However, the user's example didn't include verbs, only nouns or noun phrases. So maybe "frisou" isn't a participant but an action. 

So the main participants are "a GNR" and "duas armas brancas". The example also included "busca domiciliária" as a participant? Wait, in the example input, "busca domiciliária" wasn't listed. Wait, the example input had "Avião", "o motor", etc., but maybe the participants are the entities involved in the action. In the given input, the GNR is the actor, and the weapons are the objects. The "busca domiciliária" is an action, not an entity. So maybe only "a GNR" and "duas armas brancas" are participants. 

But the example included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants. In the current input, there's no mention of a location, so maybe only the GNR and the weapons. However, the example also included "busca domiciliária" as an entity? Wait, looking back, the example input had "a aeronave" and "o motor" as participants. So in the current input, "busca domiciliária" is an event, not an entity. So perhaps it's not a participant. 

Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved in or impacted by the event. The GNR is the actor, the weapons are the objects involved. The "busca domiciliária" is the action, but not an entity. So the participants would be "a GNR" and "duas armas brancas". 

But the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" even when not explicitly named. In the current input, the verb "frisou" might be attributed to an unnamed source, but the example didn't include that. Wait, in the example, the output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. So maybe in the current input, "frisou" is an action by an unspecified entity, but since the subject isn't mentioned, perhaps it's not included. 

So the final list would be ["a GNR", "duas armas brancas"]. But I need to check if "GNR" is the full name. The example had "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. So "a GNR" is the full name here. 

Confidence scores: "a GNR" is definitely a participant, so confidence 1.0. "duas armas brancas" are the items seized, so also 1.0. 

Wait, but the example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. In the current input, "duas armas brancas" is a single mention. So maybe just one entry for that. 

So the JSON output would be [["a GNR", 1.0], ["duas armas brancas", 1.0]].
</think>

[["a GNR", 1.0], ["duas armas brancas", 1.0]]