<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "O suspeito, com antecedentes criminais pela prática dos mesmos crimes, foi detido e vai ser presente a primeiro interrogatório no Tribunal Judicial do Porto, no sábado."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the suspect ("O suspeito"), the police or authorities (since he was detained, but they aren't explicitly named), the Tribunal Judicial do Porto, and possibly the legal system or the court. However, the example output includes entities like "o motor" and "a aeronave" even if they are parts of a plane. So maybe even parts or roles are considered participants.

Looking at the example output, they included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So in this case, "O suspeito" is definitely a participant. Then, "Tribunal Judicial do Porto" is an entity involved. The phrase "primeiro interrogatório" might be a process, but not an entity. "no sábado" is a time, not a participant. 

Wait, the example also included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In this case, there's no mention of a source, so maybe not. The police aren't mentioned, but the suspect was detained. However, the detaining authority isn't named here, so maybe we can't include them unless they are explicitly mentioned. 

So the participants here are "O suspeito" and "Tribunal Judicial do Porto." But wait, in the example, they included "aeroporto" and "os aeroportos" as participants. In this case, the court is an entity, so "Tribunal Judicial do Porto" should be included. 

Also, "primeiro interrogatório" is a legal procedure, but not an entity. So maybe not. The user might consider the court as the participant. 

So the list would be ["O suspeito", "Tribunal Judicial do Porto"]. 

But wait, the example included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant. So even the specific name of the airport is included. Similarly, here, the specific court name is "Tribunal Judicial do Porto," so that's a participant. 

Confidence scores: "O suspeito" is definitely mentioned, so 1.0. "Tribunal Judicial do Porto" is explicitly named, so 1.0. 

Are there any other entities? The phrase "no sábado" is a time, not a participant. "primeiro interrogatório" is a process, not an entity. 

So the final answer should be a JSON list with those two entities and their confidence scores.
</think>

[["O suspeito", 1.0], ["Tribunal Judicial do Porto", 1.0]]