<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Man dies in house fire in Ribeira Brava". The participants to classify are "Man", "house fire", and "Ribeira Brava".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier used "Obj" for objects like plane, engine, aircraft, etc. "Fac" for facilities like airports. "Pl_capital" for cities, "Pl_country" for countries, "Org" for organizations, "Per" for people, and "Loc" for locations.

Starting with "Man". That's clearly a person, so "Per".

Next, "house fire". A fire is an event or a phenomenon, but the classes don't have an event category. The closest might be "Nature" or "Object". However, in the example, "engine failure" was classified as "Obj". Wait, but "engine failure" is a problem, not an object. Hmm. Maybe "house fire" is an event, but since there's no event class, perhaps it's considered an "Object" here? Or maybe "Nature"? Alternatively, "Other"? But the example had "engine" as "Obj", so maybe "house fire" is an "Object" as well. Not sure, but I'll go with "Obj" for now.

Then "Ribeira Brava". That's a place name. In the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital". So "Ribeira Brava" is likely a location, maybe a town or city. So "Pl_civil" or "Pl_capital"? Since it's a specific place name, perhaps "Pl_civil" if it's a town, but I'm not certain. Alternatively, "Location" as a general class. Wait, the classes include "Location" as a category. Wait, looking back at the classes: the user specified classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Ribeira Brava" is a location, so "Location".

Wait, but in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which might be a sub-type of Location. However, the user's classes don't have sub-types like "Pl_capital" in the main list. Wait, looking back at the example output, they used "Pl_capital" as a class. Wait, the original classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example output, they used codes like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", etc. That seems inconsistent. Wait, maybe the user made a mistake in the example. Wait, looking at the example:

In the example output, they have entries like ["Lisbon", "Pl_capital"], which isn't one of the main classes listed. The main classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example used a different encoding, maybe abbreviations. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Wait, the user provided the example output with classes like "Pl_capital", which might be a mistake. But the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example output, they used codes like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", etc. That seems conflicting. However, the user's instruction says to follow the classes as listed. So perhaps the example is incorrect, and the actual classes to use are the ones listed, not the codes in the example. Wait, but the user's example output shows that they used codes like "Pl_capital" which are not in the main list. This is confusing.

Wait, looking back at the user's message:

The user provided an example where the output uses codes like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", etc., but the classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example is using a different classification system, but the user's instruction for the current task says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, for the current task, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Ribeira Brava" would be a Location. "Man" is Person. "house fire" is an event, but since there's no event class, maybe "Other"? Or "Nature"? Alternatively, "Object" if it's considered an object. But "fire" is a natural phenomenon, so maybe "Nature". However, "house fire" is a specific event, but the classes don't have an event category. This is tricky. Alternatively, "house fire" could be an Object, as in the example where "engine" was classified as Object. So maybe "house fire" is Object. Then "Ribeira Brava" is Location. So the classifications would be:

["Man", "Person"], ["house fire", "Object"], ["Ribeira Brava", "Location"].

But I need to check if "house fire" is an Object. In the example, "engine" was Object, "plane" was Object, "aircraft" was Object. So "house fire" is an event, but maybe in this context, it's considered an Object. Alternatively, "Other". But the user's example didn't have "Other" in the output. Hmm. Alternatively, "Nature" if it's a natural event. But "house fire" is man-made. So maybe "Object" is the best fit here. So I'll proceed with that.
</think>

[["Man", "Person"], ["house fire", "Object"], ["Ribeira Brava", "Location"]]