<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants include individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example output shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, but I need to check if that's accurate.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is: "The Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda states in a statement that the animals were rescued during an action carried out on Tuesday through the Environmental Crimes and Administrative Offenses Investigation Center (NICCOA) and the Environmental Protection Center (NPA) of Gouveia."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "The Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda" – This is an organization, definitely a participant as they are the ones making the statement.
2. "GNR da Guarda" – This might be a part of the previous entity, but since it's mentioned separately, maybe it's a sub-entity. However, the example includes "the same source" as a separate entity, so perhaps even parts of the name are considered.
3. "Environmental Crimes and Administrative Offenses Investigation Center (NICCOA)" – This is an organization involved in the action.
4. "Environmental Protection Center (NPA) of Gouveia" – Another organization involved.
5. "the animals" – These are the subjects rescued, so they are participants as victims.
6. "the action" – This might be an event, but the definition says participants are entities involved. However, the example includes "the aircraft" and "a stopped engine," which are objects. So maybe "the action" is considered a participant here as the event itself.
7. "Tuesday" – A time, not an entity, so probably not included.
8. "the statement" – This is a document or communication, but the example includes "source" and "the same source," so maybe "statement" is a participant as a medium.
9. "the Environmental Crimes and Administrative Offenses Investigation Center (NICCOA)" – Same as point 3, but the full name again. Wait, in the example, they included both the full name and the acronym. But in the output, they have "Environmental Crimes and Administrative Offenses Investigation Center (NICCOA)" and "NICCOA" as separate entries. Wait, no, in the example input, the output includes "Environmental Crimes and Administrative Offenses Investigation Center (NICCOA)" and "Environmental Protection Center (NPA) of Gouveia" as separate entries. So maybe the full name and the acronym are separate entities. However, in the example output, they have "the same source" as a separate entity, but the acronym isn't listed. Hmm, maybe the user just includes the full name and the acronym as separate entries if they are both present. In this case, NICCOA and NPA are acronyms, so they should be included as separate entities.

Wait, looking at the example input again: the output includes "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entities. The original input mentions "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So "Public Security Police" is an organization, and "source" is a role. But in the output, they have "a Public Security Police" and "the same source." So maybe "source" is considered a participant here. However, in the current input, the entities are "Environmental Crimes and Administrative Offenses Investigation Center (NICCOA)" and "Environmental Protection Center (NPA) of Gouveia." The acronyms NICCOA and NPA are included in the names, so perhaps they are part of the entity names. The example output includes "NICCOA" as part of the entity name, but not as a separate entry. Wait, in the example, the output includes "Environmental Crimes and Administrative Offenses Investigation Center (NICCOA)" and "Environmental Protection Center (NPA) of Gouveia" as separate entries. So the full names with acronyms are included. But the acronyms themselves are not listed as separate entities. However, in the example input, the output includes "the same source" as a separate entity. So maybe "source" is considered a participant here. But in the current input, the entities are the organizations and the animals. 

Wait, the user's instruction says participants are entities involved or impacted. The animals were rescued, so they are participants. The organizations (GNR da Guarda, NICCOA, NPA) are participants as they carried out the action. The Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda is the entity making the statement. The statement itself might be considered a participant, but the example includes "source" as a participant. However, in the current input, the statement is made by the Territorial Command, so maybe "statement" is not a participant. 

Also, "the action" is mentioned as the event, but the definition says participants are entities, not events. So "the action" might not be a participant. 

So compiling the list:

- "The Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda" – participant (organization)
- "GNR da Guarda" – part of the previous entity, but maybe as a separate entity? The example includes "the same source" as a separate entity, so perhaps "GNR da Guarda" is a separate entity here. But the original phrase is "The Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda," so maybe "GNR da Guarda" is a sub-entity. However, the example includes "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entities. So maybe "GNR da Guarda" is a separate entity here. But I need to check if that's the case. Alternatively, maybe the entire phrase is considered one entity. 

This is a bit ambiguous. The example includes "the same source" as a separate entity, which is a reference to the previous "source." In the current input, "The Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda" is the entity making the statement. So "GNR da Guarda" might be a part of that entity's name. But perhaps the user wants to extract all possible entities, even if they are parts of larger entities. However, in the example, "the same source" is included, which is a reference to the previous "source," but not the full name. 

Alternatively, maybe "GNR da Guarda" is a separate entity. However, without more context, it's hard to tell. The safest approach is to include all named entities as they appear. 

So, the entities would be:

1. "The Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda" – participant (organization)
2. "GNR da Guarda" – possibly a sub-entity, but maybe included as a separate entity
3. "Environmental Crimes and Administrative Offenses Investigation Center (NICCOA)" – participant (organization)
4. "NICCOA" – acronym, but in the example, the full name is included but not the acronym. However, in the example input, the output includes "a Public Security Police" and "the same source," but not the acronym. So perhaps the acronym is not included unless it's part of the entity's name. In this case, the full name includes the acronym, so it's included as a single entity. So "NICCOA" is part of the entity's name, so it's included as part of the entity. Therefore, the entity is "Environmental Crimes and Administrative Offenses Investigation Center (NICCOA)" and not "NICCOA" separately.
5. "Environmental Protection Center (NPA) of Gouveia" – participant (organization)
6. "NPA" – similar to above, included as part of the entity's name
7. "the animals" – participants (victims)
8. "the action" – event, not an entity, so not included
9. "Tuesday" – time, not an entity
10. "the statement" – maybe a participant, but the example doesn't include such entries. The example includes "source" and "the same source," which are roles. In this case, the statement is made by the Territorial Command, so maybe "statement" is not a participant. 

So the final list would be:

- "The Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda"
- "GNR da Guarda" (if considered separate)
- "Environmental Crimes and Administrative Offenses Investigation Center (NICCOA)"
- "Environmental Protection Center (NPA) of Gouveia"
- "the animals"

But I need to check the example again. In the example input, the output includes "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entities. The original input mentions "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So "Public Security Police" is an organization, and "source" is a role. But in the output, "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" are both included. So "source" is considered a participant here. However, in the current input, the entities are the organizations and the animals. 

Wait, in the current input, the statement is made by the Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda. The action was carried out through NICCOA and NPA. The animals were rescued. So the participants are the organizations (GNR da Guarda, NICCOA, NPA) and the animals. 

But the example includes "source" as a participant. In the current input, the statement is from the Territorial Command, so "statement" might not be a participant. However, the example includes "source" as a participant. In the current input, the source is the Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda. So maybe "source" is not explicitly mentioned here, so it's not included. 

Therefore, the participants are:

- "The Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda"
- "GNR da Guarda" (if considered a separate entity)
- "Environmental Crimes and Administrative Offenses Investigation Center (NICCOA)"
- "Environmental Protection Center (NPA) of Gouveia"
- "the animals"

But I need to check if "GNR da Guarda" is a separate entity. The original phrase is "The Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda," which is a full name. "GNR da Guarda" might be the name of the organization, and "Territorial Command" is a part of it. However, without more context, it's safer to include both as separate entities. 

Alternatively, maybe "GNR da Guarda" is the full name, and "The Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda" is a specific unit within that organization. But the example includes "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entities. So perhaps "GNR da Guarda" is a separate entity here. 

Confidence levels: For "The Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda," confidence is high (0.95). "GNR da Guarda" might be a sub-entity, but since it's mentioned in the full name, maybe 0.8. The organizations NICCOA and NPA are definitely participants (0.95 each). "the animals" are participants as victims (0.9). 

So the JSON array would be:

[
  ["The Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda", 0.95],
  ["GNR da Guarda", 0.8],
  ["Environmental Crimes and Administrative Offenses Investigation Center (NICCOA)", 0.95],
  ["Environmental Protection Center (NPA) of Gouveia", 0.95],
  ["the animals", 0.9]
]

Wait, but in the example output, they included "the same source" as a separate entity. In the current input, the source is the Territorial Command, so maybe "source" is not explicitly mentioned here. Therefore, "source" is not included. 

I think that's the correct approach. Now, I need to format this into the required JSON array with confidence scores.
</think>

[["The Territorial Command of GNR da Guarda", 0.95], ["GNR da Guarda", 0.8], ["Environmental Crimes and Administrative Offenses Investigation Center (NICCOA)", 0.95], ["Environmental Protection Center (NPA) of Gouveia", 0.95], ["the animals", 0.9]]