<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo? The original input had "due to engine failure," so maybe "engine" is the correct entity here. But the example includes "to engine," which seems odd. Maybe that's a mistake in the example, but I should follow the given example's structure.

Looking at the input sentence: "The source adds that following police investigations, '25 dogs were rescued, all without electronic identification, without registration and without anti-rabies vaccination'."

First, identify all entities. The main participants here would be the source, police investigations, the dogs, and possibly the organizations involved. Let's break it down.

"The source" – this is a participant, but the example included "source" as an entity. However, in the example, "source" was listed with confidence 0.85. Wait, in the example input, the source was mentioned as "a Public Security Police source told Lusa," so "source" was included. Here, "the source" is similar. So "the source" would be an entity. But maybe "source" is a role, not an entity. Hmm, but the example included "source" as an entity. So perhaps in this case, "the source" is an entity. However, the example also included "the same source," so maybe "source" is considered an entity here.

Next, "police investigations" – this is an action, but the participants might be the police. The example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. Here, the input says "police investigations," so maybe "police" is the entity. But the example had "Public Security Police" as an entity. So in this case, "police" might be the entity. However, the input doesn't specify which police, just "police investigations." So maybe "police" is the entity here.

Then, "25 dogs" – clearly the dogs are participants, as they were rescued. The example included "25 dogs" as an entity. So that's straightforward.

The other parts are about the dogs not having electronic identification, registration, or anti-rabies vaccination. These are attributes, not participants. So they shouldn't be included.

So the entities would be:

- "the source" (confidence maybe 0.8)
- "police" (confidence maybe 0.7)
- "25 dogs" (confidence 0.95)

Wait, but the example included "source" as an entity. In the example input, "a Public Security Police source" was mentioned, so "source" was extracted. Here, "the source" is similar. So "the source" would be an entity. However, in the example, "source" was written as "source" without the article. But the input here has "the source," so maybe "the source" is the entity. Alternatively, maybe "source" is the entity, and the article is just part of the phrase. The example included "source" and "the same source," so perhaps "source" is the entity, regardless of the article.

So maybe "source" is the entity here. Then "police" as the entity. And "25 dogs" as the entity.

But the example also included "the same source" as an entity. So in this case, "the source" would be an entity. However, the user's example output includes "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. So perhaps in this case, "the source" is an entity, and "police" is another. But the input doesn't mention the police by name, just "police investigations." So maybe "police" is the entity here.

Alternatively, if the police are an organization, but the input doesn't specify which one. So maybe "police" is the entity with lower confidence.

So compiling the list:

- "the source" (confidence 0.8)
- "police" (confidence 0.7)
- "25 dogs" (confidence 0.95)

But wait, the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. In this input, it's "police investigations," so maybe "police" is the entity. However, if the police are an organization, but the input doesn't specify, so maybe it's just "police" as the entity.

Another thing: the example included "airport" as an entity. But in this case, the input doesn't mention any airports, so that's not relevant here.

So the final list would be:

["the source", 0.8], ["police", 0.7], ["25 dogs", 0.95]

But wait, the example included "source" without the article. Let me check the example again. In the example input, the source was "a Public Security Police source told Lusa," and the output included "a Public Security Police" and "source" as separate entities. So "source" was extracted as an entity. So in this case, "the source" would be an entity. However, the example also included "the same source" as an entity. So maybe "source" is the entity, regardless of the article. So in this case, "source" would be the entity, not "the source." But the input says "the source adds," so maybe "source" is the entity, and the article is just part of the phrase. So "source" is the entity here.

Therefore, the entities would be:

- "source" (confidence 0.8)
- "police" (confidence 0.7)
- "25 dogs" (confidence 0.95)

But I need to check if "police" is considered a participant. The police are conducting the investigations, so they are involved in the event. So yes, they are a participant. However, if the input doesn't specify which police force, maybe the confidence is lower.

Alternatively, if "police investigations" is the action, but the participants are the police. So "police" is the entity.

So the final JSON array would be:

[["source", 0.8], ["police", 0.7], ["25 dogs", 0.95]]

But I should also check if "investigations" is an entity. However, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The investigations are an action, not an entity. So no.

Another thing: the example included "Lusa." as an entity. In this case, the input doesn't mention any organization like Lusa, so that's not relevant here.

So the answer should be the three entities listed above with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["source", 0.8], ["police", 0.7], ["25 dogs", 0.95]]