<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo? The original input had "due to engine failure," so maybe "engine" is the correct entity. But the example includes "to engine," which seems like a fragment. Hmm, maybe the example is just showing how they extracted phrases, even if they're not full entities. I need to be careful here.

Looking at the input sentence: "The man was made a defendant and the facts were referred to the Seia Judicial Court." 

First, identify the participants. The main entities here are "The man" (the defendant), "Seia Judicial Court" (the court involved), and possibly "the facts" as an entity. But the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. "The facts" might be more of a concept rather than a participant. The user's example included "the same source" and "Lusa," which are entities. 

So, "The man" is definitely a participant as the defendant. "Seia Judicial Court" is an organization involved. The verb "was made a defendant" implies the man is the subject here. The court is the entity that the facts were referred to. 

Wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source," which are entities. In the given input, "the facts" might not be a participant but an action. So maybe only "The man" and "Seia Judicial Court" are the participants. 

But let me check again. The definition says participants can be actors, agents, patients, victims, observers. The man is the defendant (patient), the court is the agent (handling the case). Are there any other entities? The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations or individuals. 

So the entities would be "The man" and "Seia Judicial Court." But the example included "the airports" as an entity. In this case, "the facts" might not be an entity. Also, the example included "source" as an entity. However, in the input here, there's no mention of a source. 

Wait, the example output for the plane incident included "a Public Security Police" and "airline Jota Aviation" as entities. So in this case, "Seia Judicial Court" is an organization, so that's a participant. "The man" is an individual. 

So the final answer should be these two entities. Now, confidence levels. "The man" is clearly mentioned, so confidence 1.0. "Seia Judicial Court" is also explicitly named, so 1.0. Are there any other possible entities? Maybe "the facts" but that's more of a concept. The example didn't include such abstract terms. So I think just those two.
</think>

[["The man", 1.0], ["Seia Judicial Court", 1.0]]