<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is about an accident on the North motorway, involving three light vehicles and causing four injured people. The participants to classify are "autoestrada do Norte", "sentido Norte/Sul", "ligeiros", and "feridos".

Starting with "autoestrada do Norte". From the definitions, "Path" includes locations like highways, roads, etc. Since "autoestrada" is a motorway, which is a type of path, this should be classified under Path. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "sentido Norte/Sul". This refers to the direction of the motorway, North to South. The definition of Path mentions it can have directionality, but the example given for Path includes autoestrada A1, which is a specific road. However, "sentido" here is more about the direction rather than the path itself. Wait, but the example for Path includes "autoestrada A1", which is a path. However, "sentido Norte/Sul" might be part of the path's description. Alternatively, maybe it's a direction, but the class Path includes directionality. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "sentido" is part of the path's name. But I'm not sure. Maybe it's better to check the definitions again. The Path class includes locations that can be traversed, and "sentido" might be part of the path's direction. However, the example given for Path is "autoestrada A1", which is a specific path. "Sentido" might be a direction, but not a path itself. Wait, but the example for Path includes "nacional 222, rua, rio", which are paths. "Sentido" might be more of a directional aspect rather than a path. Maybe it's better to classify it under Path since it's part of the motorway's description. Alternatively, maybe it's not a path but a direction. This is a bit tricky. I'll go with Path, but with lower confidence, maybe 0.75.

Third, "ligeiros". These are light vehicles, which are manmade objects. So Obj. Confidence is high, 0.95.

Lastly, "feridos". These are injured people, which are human individuals. So Per. Confidence is high, 0.95.

Wait, but the example for Per includes "O rapaz", which is a human. "Feridos" refers to people, so Per is correct. 

So the classifications would be:

- autoestrada do Norte: Path (0.95)
- sentido Norte/Sul: Path (0.75)
- ligeiros: Obj (0.95)
- feridos: Per (0.95)

I need to make sure that "sentido" is correctly classified. If "sentido" is part of the path's direction, maybe it's a sub-part of the path. But the example given for Path includes "nacional 222, rua, rio", which are paths. "Sentido" might be more of a direction, but since it's part of the path's description (like the direction of the motorway), maybe it's still considered a path. Alternatively, maybe it's a Loc. But the Loc class is for places that don't fit other Pl_ values. Since "sentido" is a direction, not a place, perhaps it's not Loc. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe it's a Path. I think I'll stick with Path for "sentido Norte/Sul" with 0.75 confidence.
</think>

<Output>[["autoestrada do Norte", "Path", 0.95], ["sentido Norte/Sul", "Path", 0.75], ["ligeiros", "Obj", 0.95], ["feridos", "Per", 0.95]]</Output>