<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example they provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their own confidence. 

First, I need to understand what counts as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. So, in the input text about the accident, I need to identify all such entities.

Looking at the input: "O acidente, que ocorreu cerca das 21:40 de sábado, ao quilómetro quatro da autoestrada do Norte, no sentido Norte/Sul, envolveu três ligeiros e provocou outros quatro feridos, todos sem gravidade."

Breaking it down:

- "O acidente" is the event itself, not a participant.
- "21:40 de sábado" is a time, not an entity.
- "quilómetro quatro da autoestrada do Norte" – "autoestrada do Norte" is a location, so that's a participant. The kilometer is part of the location description.
- "sentido Norte/Sul" – this is part of the location details, so maybe "Norte/Sul" as a direction, but not sure if that's a participant. The example included "Lisboa" and "Inglaterra" as participants, so maybe directions are not considered here.
- "três ligeiros" – "ligeiros" refers to light vehicles, so that's a participant. The number three is just a quantity, not an entity.
- "quatro feridos" – the injured people, so "feridos" is a participant. The number four is a quantity again.

Now, checking the example output. In the previous example, they included "aeroporto", "Lisboa", "Farnborough", "Inglaterra", etc. So locations are included. Also, "três ligeiros" would be "ligeiros" as the entity, and "quatro feridos" as "feridos".

Wait, but in the example, they had "a aeronave", "o motor", etc. So even if the entity is mentioned with articles or numbers, they are included as separate entries. So in this case, "três ligeiros" would be "ligeiros" with confidence, and "quatro feridos" as "feridos".

But wait, the example had "Um avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles or determiners, they are considered separate entries. So in this case, "três ligeiros" would be "ligeiros" and "quatro feridos" would be "feridos".

Also, the example included "os aeroportos" as a participant. So plural forms are included as well. In this case, "três ligeiros" is plural, so "ligeiros" is the entity.

Now, checking for other possible participants. The accident is the event, but the participants are those involved. The three light vehicles and the four injured people. The autoestrada do Norte is a location, so that's a participant. The direction "Norte/Sul" might not be a participant, but the autoestrada itself is. 

So the participants would be:

- "autoestrada do Norte"
- "ligeiros" (three of them)
- "feridos" (four of them)

But wait, in the example, they included "aeroporto", "Lisboa", etc. So "autoestrada do Norte" is a location, so that's a participant. The "feridos" are people, so they are participants. The "ligeiros" are vehicles, so they are participants.

So the entities would be:

["autoestrada do Norte", "ligeiros", "feridos"]

But the example had multiple entries for the same entity when mentioned with different articles. However, in this case, the text only mentions "três ligeiros" and "quatro feridos" once each. So each would be listed once. However, the example had "Um avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc., which are different mentions of the same entity. But in this input, the entities are mentioned once each. So maybe just list each once with their confidence.

Wait, but the example output had multiple entries for the same entity. For instance, "Avião", "Um avião", "O avião", etc. So even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles, they are considered separate entries. So in this case, "três ligeiros" is "ligeiros" and "quatro feridos" is "feridos". But the text doesn't mention "ligeiros" with different articles, just once. So maybe just one entry for each.

But the example included "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" as separate entries. So even if the same entity is mentioned with different capitalization or articles, they are separate. But in this case, the input only mentions "três ligeiros" once. So "ligeiros" is one entry. Similarly, "feridos" once.

But the example also included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles, they are considered separate. However, in this input, the entities are mentioned once each. So the output would be:

["autoestrada do Norte", "ligeiros", "feridos"]

But I need to check if "Norte/Sul" is a participant. The example included "Norte/Sul" as part of the location. Wait, in the example input, the location was "aeroporto de Lisboa" and "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", etc. So "Norte/Sul" is part of the autoestrada's direction, but is that a participant? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The direction might not be an entity, but the autoestrada itself is. So "autoestrada do Norte" is the participant.

So the final list would be:

["autoestrada do Norte", "ligeiros", "feridos"]

But I need to check if "Norte/Sul" is considered. The example included "Norte/Sul" as a participant. Wait, looking back at the example input:

In the example input, the sentence was "no sentido Norte/Sul", and in the output, "Norte/Sul" was included. So in that case, the direction was considered a participant. So in this case, "Norte/Sul" is part of the location details. So maybe "Norte/Sul" is a participant here as well.

So adding "Norte/Sul" to the list.

So the participants would be:

- autoestrada do Norte
- sentido Norte/Sul
- ligeiros
- feridos

But wait, in the example, "Norte/Sul" was included as a participant. So in this case, the same applies. So "Norte/Sul" is a participant.

So the list becomes:

["autoestrada do Norte", "sentido Norte/Sul", "ligeiros", "feridos"]

But the example output included "os aeroportos" as a participant. So plural forms are included. In this case, "ligeiros" is plural, so that's okay.

Now, assigning confidence scores. The example had varying confidence levels. For entities that are clearly mentioned, like "Avião", "o motor", etc., the confidence was high. For "fonte", "a mesma fonte", confidence was lower. 

In this case:

- "autoestrada do Norte" is explicitly mentioned, so high confidence (0.9).
- "sentido Norte/Sul" is part of the location description, but is it an entity? The example included it, so maybe 0.8.
- "ligeiros" are clearly mentioned as involved in the accident, so 0.9.
- "feridos" are mentioned as people affected, so 0.9.

But I need to check if "Norte/Sul" is a participant. The example included "Norte/Sul" as a participant, so I should include it here as well. So the final list would be:

[
  ["autoestrada do Norte", 0.9],
  ["sentido Norte/Sul", 0.8],
  ["ligeiros", 0.9],
  ["feridos", 0.9]
]

But wait, the example output had "Lisboa" multiple times. In the input, "Lisboa" was mentioned as the location of the airport. So even if the same location is mentioned in different contexts, they are considered separate entries. However, in this case, "autoestrada do Norte" is mentioned once, so one entry.

But the user's example included "Lisboa" multiple times, so maybe even if the same entity is mentioned in different contexts, they are considered separate. However, in this input, "autoestrada do Norte" is mentioned once, and "sentido Norte/Sul" is part of the same location description. So maybe "Norte/Sul" is a participant here.

Alternatively, maybe "Norte/Sul" is not a participant but part of the location's description. The example included "Norte/Sul" as a participant, so I should follow that.

So the final answer should include all four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["autoestrada do Norte", 0.9], ["sentido Norte/Sul", 0.8], ["ligeiros", 0.9], ["feridos", 0.9]]