<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "No local do acidente estiveram 22 operacionais dos bombeiros, do Instituto Nacional de Emergência Médica (INEM) e da polícia, apoiados por 10 viaturas."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the entities present at the accident scene. The key terms are "operacionais dos bombeiros" (firefighters), "Instituto Nacional de Emergência Médica (INEM)", "polícia" (police), and "viaturas" (vehicles). 

Wait, the example output included entities like "avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were repeated. So I need to check if each mention is unique or if duplicates are allowed. The example output has duplicates like "o motor" appearing twice. So maybe even if the same entity is mentioned again, it's listed again with the same name. But the user's example output includes all instances, even if they are the same entity. However, in the input provided, the user's example output lists "Lisboa" multiple times. So I should include every occurrence as a separate entry, even if the entity is the same.

Now, looking at the input sentence. The main participants are:

1. "22 operacionais dos bombeiros" – firefighters. But the entity here is "bombeiros" (firefighters), even though it's plural. The example included "Avião" and "o motor" as separate entities. So "bombeiros" would be the entity here. However, the count (22) is part of the description but not the entity itself. The entity is the group, not the number.

2. "Instituto Nacional de Emergência Médica (INEM)" – this is an organization, so that's a participant.

3. "polícia" – police, another group.

4. "10 viaturas" – vehicles. But the example included "viaturas" as a participant. However, the example output had "aeroportos" as an entity. So "viaturas" would be the entity here, even though it's plural. The count (10) is part of the description but not the entity itself.

Wait, the example output included "os aeroportos" as an entity. So even if it's plural, it's included. So in this case, "viaturas" would be the entity.

But the user's example output also included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entities. So even if the same entity is mentioned again, it's listed again. However, in the current input, the entities are "bombeiros", "INEM", "polícia", and "viaturas". The numbers (22, 10) are not entities but quantities. So the entities are the groups and organizations mentioned.

Wait, but the example output included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles or numbers, they are considered separate. However, in the current input, "operacionais dos bombeiros" is a group of firefighters, so "bombeiros" is the entity. Similarly, "polícia" is the entity. "INEM" is the full name, so that's the entity. "viaturas" is the entity.

So the extracted entities would be:

- "bombeiros"
- "Instituto Nacional de Emergência Médica (INEM)"
- "polícia"
- "viaturas"

But wait, the example output included "os aeroportos" as an entity. So if the input had "os aeroportos", that's an entity. In the current input, "viaturas" is plural, but the example included "os aeroportos" as an entity. So "viaturas" would be included as an entity here.

But the example also included "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" as separate entries. So even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles, they are considered separate. However, in the current input, "operacionais dos bombeiros" is a group, so "bombeiros" is the entity. The count (22) is not an entity. Similarly, "10 viaturas" would be "viaturas" as the entity.

So the entities are:

1. "bombeiros" – confidence high, maybe 0.95
2. "Instituto Nacional de Emergência Médica (INEM)" – confidence high, 0.95
3. "polícia" – confidence high, 0.95
4. "viaturas" – confidence medium, maybe 0.8, since it's a support entity but not the main participants. Wait, the example included "viaturas" as a participant. The original input says "apoiados por 10 viaturas" – so the vehicles are supporting the participants. But according to the definition, participants are those involved or impacted. The vehicles are part of the support, so they are participants. So "viaturas" should be included.

But the example output included "viaturas" as an entity. So in this case, "viaturas" is a participant.

So the final list would be:

["bombeiros", 0.95], ["Instituto Nacional de Emergência Médica (INEM)", 0.95], ["polícia", 0.95], ["viaturas", 0.8]

Wait, but the example output had entries like "a aeronave", "A aeronave", etc., which are different forms. In the current input, "operacionais dos bombeiros" is a group, so "bombeiros" is the entity. The example included "Avião" and "o motor" as separate entries. So in this case, "bombeiros" is the entity, and "polícia" is another. The INEM is an organization. "viaturas" is the entity.

But the example output had "os aeroportos" as an entity. So if the input had "os aeroportos", that's included. In this case, "viaturas" is the entity. So the answer should be those four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["bombeiros", 0.95], ["Instituto Nacional de Emergência Médica (INEM)", 0.95], ["polícia", 0.95], ["viaturas", 0.8]]