<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes. Let me start by understanding the sentence and the participants listed.

The sentence says: "Segundo o Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro de Viseu, no local, estiveram nove operacionais, apoiados por quatro veículos."

Participants to classify are:
1. "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro de Viseu"
2. "nove operacionais"
3. "quatro veículos"

First, I'll go through each participant one by one.

Starting with "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro de Viseu". This seems like an official organization. The name includes "Comando Distrital" which translates to District Command, and "Operações de Socorro" is Rescue Operations. The suffix "de Viseu" indicates it's based in Viseu, a city in Portugal. Since it's a government or official body responsible for rescue operations, this should be classified as an Organization (Org). Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "nove operacionais". The term "operacionais" translates to operational personnel or operatives. These are people involved in the operation, so they are human individuals. The number "nove" (nine) is just quantifying them. So this should be classified as Per (Person). Confidence is around 0.9 because it's clear they are people, though the number might be a bit ambiguous, but the context makes it clear they are individuals.

Lastly, "quatro veículos". "Veículos" means vehicles. The number "quatro" (four) is just indicating quantity. Vehicles fall under the Veh class. So this should be Veh. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95, as vehicles are clearly manmade and fit the Veh category.

I need to make sure there's no overlap or misclassification. The Comando is definitely an organization. The operacionais are people, and the veículos are vehicles. No other classes seem to fit here. All the participants are correctly categorized based on the definitions provided.
</think>

<Output>[["Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro de Viseu", "Org", 0.95], ["nove operacionais", "Per", 0.9], ["quatro veículos", "Veh", 0.95]]</Output>