<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Agente da polícia baleado mortalmente por colega durante discussão em Maputo". The participants to classify are "Agente da polícia", "colega", and "Maputo".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had classifications like "Pl_capital" for locations, but maybe in this case, the classes are more general. Wait, looking back, the example used "Pl_capital" as a subclass under Location? Wait, no, the original classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" which might be a typo or a specific subclass. Wait, the user's example output had entries like "Lisboa" classified as "Pl_capital", but the classes listed are "Location". Hmm, maybe that's a mistake. Wait, the user provided the classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" which might be an error. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. Wait, looking back at the user's message:

The classes are:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other.

But in the example output, they have entries like "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital" and "Farnborough" as "Pl_civil". That seems inconsistent. Wait, maybe that's a mistake in the example. But the user's instruction says to follow the classes as listed. However, the example might have used more specific subcategories. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. Wait, the user says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example output, they have "Pl_capital" which isn't in the list. That's confusing. Maybe that's a typo, and they meant "Location" for all places. Alternatively, perhaps the example is incorrect. But since the user provided the example, maybe I should follow that. Wait, but the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. However, in the example, they used "Pl_capital" which is not in the given classes. That's conflicting. Maybe the example is wrong, but the user wants us to use the classes as listed. Let me check again.

Looking back at the user's message:

The example output includes entries like ["Lisboa", "Pl_capital"], but the classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Pl_capital" isn't one of the classes. That's a problem. But perhaps the user made a mistake in the example. However, the user might have intended that "Location" is the class, and "Pl_capital" is a subcategory. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. So maybe the example is incorrect, and I should use the classes as listed. Therefore, for the current task, I should classify each entity into one of the seven classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

So, for the input "Agente da polícia baleado mortalmente por colega durante discussão em Maputo", the participants are "Agente da polícia", "colega", and "Maputo".

First, "Agente da polícia" – this is a person, a police agent. So class: Person.

"colega" – this means "colleague", which is also a person. So class: Person.

"Maputo" – this is a city, the capital of Mozambique. So class: Location.

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the classes given, it should be "Location". So maybe the example is wrong, but the user wants us to use the classes as listed. Therefore, "Maputo" is a Location.

So the classifications would be:

["Agente da polícia", "Person"], ["colega", "Person"], ["Maputo", "Location"].

But let me check again. The user's example had "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", which might be a mistake, but the correct class here is "Location". So I'll proceed with that.
</think>

[["Agente da polícia", "Person"], ["colega", "Person"], ["Maputo", "Location"]]