<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence in Portuguese: "Tratam-se de agentes da PRM afetos ao Departamento de Proteção dos Recursos Naturais e Meio Ambiente, no distrito de Magude, na província de Maputo." The participants to classify are ["agentes da PRM", "PRM", "Departamento de Proteção dos Recursos Naturais e Meio Ambiente", "distrito de Magude", "província de Maputo"].

The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier shows that "aeroporto" is a Facility, "Lisboa" is a Place (capital), and "agência Lusa" is an Organization. So I need to apply similar logic here.

Starting with "agentes da PRM". "Agentes" translates to agents, which are people, so that's Person. But "PRM" is an acronym. In the example, "companhia aérea Jota Aviation" was classified as Organization. So "PRM" might be an organization. But the participant is "agentes da PRM", which is the agents of PRM. Since agents are people, but the PRM itself is an organization. However, the participant is the phrase "agentes da PRM", which refers to the people, so that would be Person. Wait, but maybe "agentes da PRM" is a group, so maybe Organization? Hmm, need to think. In the example, "fonte" was classified as Person, but "a mesma fonte" was also Person. So if "agentes da PRM" refers to individuals, then Person. But if PRM is an organization and the agents are part of it, maybe the classification is Organization? Not sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was classified as Organization. So if "agentes da PRM" are agents working for PRM, then PRM is the organization, and the agents are people. But the participant is "agentes da PRM", which is the agents themselves, so Person. But maybe the PRM is the organization. Wait, the participants are the exact phrases given. So "agentes da PRM" is the entity, which is a group of people, so Person. But maybe in some cases, if the entity is a group, it's considered an Organization. But the example had "fonte" as Person, so maybe individual or group of people. Hmm. Let's tentatively put "agentes da PRM" as Person.

Next, "PRM". This is an acronym. In the example, "companhia aérea Jota Aviation" was an Organization. So PRM is likely an organization. So class "Org".

"Departamento de Proteção dos Recursos Naturais e Meio Ambiente" – this is a department, which is an organization. So "Org".

"distrito de Magude" – a district is a location. So "Location" or "Facility"? Wait, in the example, "aeroporto" was Facility, "distrito" might be a Location. The classes have "Location" as a separate category. So "distrito de Magude" is a Location.

"província de Maputo" – province is a location. So "Location".

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is a type of Location. So "província de Maputo" would be a Location as well. So the classifications would be:

["agentes da PRM", "Per"], ["PRM", "Org"], ["Departamento de Proteção dos Recursos Naturais e Meio Ambiente", "Org"], ["distrito de Magude", "Loc"], ["província de Maputo", "Loc"]

But wait, in the example, "aeroporto" was "Fac" (Facility), but "distrito" and "província" are administrative divisions, so Location. So I think that's correct. Let me check again. The classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "distrito" and "província" are administrative locations, so Location. "Facility" is more like a building or structure, like aeroporto (airport), which is a facility. So yes, "distrito" and "província" are Location.
</think>

[["agentes da PRM", "Per"], ["PRM", "Org"], ["Departamento de Proteção dos Recursos Naturais e Meio Ambiente", "Org"], ["distrito de Magude", "Loc"], ["província de Maputo", "Loc"]]