<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" or "a stopped engine" are considered, so I need to be careful with noun phrases.

Looking at the input: "The detainee, a construction worker with no criminal record, will be brought before the judicial authority for the first judicial interrogation and application of coercive measures deemed appropriate."

First, identify the main entities. "The detainee" is clearly a participant. Then "a construction worker" is another, but since it's a descriptor of the detainee, maybe it's part of the same entity. However, the example includes "a construction worker" as a separate entity. Wait, in the example given earlier, "a Public Security Police" was included. So maybe even descriptors are considered as separate entities if they are noun phrases.

Next, "judicial authority" is an entity. "coercive measures" might be a process or action, but the definition says participants can be entities involved. However, "coercive measures" are actions, not entities. So maybe not. The example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities, which are objects. So perhaps any noun phrases that are significant to the event.

"judicial interrogation" is an event, not an entity. "application of coercive measures" is an action. So maybe not participants. The main participants here are the detainee, the judicial authority, and possibly the construction worker as a role. But the example included "a construction worker" as a separate entity. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, "a plane" and "the aircraft" are both included. So even if they refer to the same thing, they are listed separately. So in this case, "the detainee" and "a construction worker" might be separate, even though they refer to the same person. But maybe "the detainee" is the main entity, and "a construction worker" is a descriptor. However, the example included "a Public Security Police" as a separate entity. So perhaps any noun phrase that can be considered a participant, even if it's a descriptor.

So, the entities here would be:

- The detainee
- a construction worker
- judicial authority
- coercive measures (but this is an action, not sure)
- judicial interrogation (also an event, not sure)
- the first judicial interrogation (maybe not)
- application of coercive measures (maybe not)

Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. So the detainee is involved. The judicial authority is involved. The coercive measures are applied by the authority, but they are not an entity. So maybe not. The same with interrogation. So the main participants are the detainee and the judicial authority.

But the example included "engine" as a participant. So maybe any noun that's part of the event. Let me think again. The example had "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So perhaps any noun phrase that is an object or a key part of the event.

In this case, the detainee is the main participant. The judicial authority is another. The construction worker is a descriptor of the detainee, but maybe it's considered a separate entity. However, in the example, "a construction worker" was included. So maybe I should include it.

So the list would be:

["The detainee", 0.9], ["a construction worker", 0.8], ["judicial authority", 0.9], ["coercive measures", 0.6], ["judicial interrogation", 0.5]. Wait, but the example didn't include actions. The example had "engine" as a noun, not an action. So maybe "coercive measures" is an object, but not sure. The example included "application of coercive measures" as part of the text, but in the output, it's not there. Wait, looking back at the example input and output:

In the example input, the output includes "engine", "a stopped engine", etc. So perhaps any noun or noun phrase that is a key part of the event. So in the current input, "coercive measures" is a noun phrase, but maybe not a participant. The judicial authority is an entity. The detainee is a person. The construction worker is a role. So maybe the answer is:

["The detainee", 0.9], ["a construction worker", 0.8], ["judicial authority", 0.9]. But the example included "source" as an entity. In the example input, "a Public Security Police source" was included as "a Public Security Police" and "source". So maybe even the role of "source" is considered. But in the current input, there's no "source" mentioned. So in this case, the main participants are the detainee, the construction worker (as a descriptor), and the judicial authority. The other parts are actions or events, not entities. So the final list would be those three. But I need to check confidence levels. The example had "engine" with 0.9, "a stopped engine" with 0.8, etc. So for "The detainee" and "judicial authority" high confidence, "a construction worker" maybe a bit lower. So the JSON would be:

[["The detainee", 0.9], ["a construction worker", 0.8], ["judicial authority", 0.9]]
</think>

[["The detainee", 0.9], ["a construction worker", 0.8], ["judicial authority", 0.9]]