<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input sentence and the participants to classify. The sentence is about a detainee, a construction worker with no criminal record, being brought before the judicial authority for interrogation and coercive measures.

The participants are "The detainee", "a construction worker", and "judicial authority". 

Starting with "The detainee": This refers to a person who is being detained. Since they are an individual involved in the event, this should be classified under "Per" (person). The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "a construction worker": This is a role or job title. The person is described as a construction worker, but the term itself is a profession, not a specific person. However, in the context, it's referring to the detainee's occupation. Wait, but the classification guidelines say "Per" includes human individuals. If "a construction worker" is a specific person, then it's Per. But if it's a general role, maybe "Other"? Wait, the example given in the task had "O rapaz" (the boy) as Per. Here, "a construction worker" is a role, but since it's referring to the detainee, who is a specific person, maybe it's still Per. But I'm a bit confused. Alternatively, maybe it's "Other" because it's a profession. Hmm. Let me check the definitions again. The "Other" class includes entities that don't fit other categories, like "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt). But "a construction worker" is a person's role. Wait, the "Per" class includes human individuals or fictitious characters. So if "a construction worker" is referring to a specific person (the detainee), then it's Per. But the way it's phrased is "a construction worker with no criminal record", which is describing the detainee. So maybe "a construction worker" here is a descriptor of the detainee, not a separate entity. But the participants to classify are listed as separate entities. Wait, the original input says "The detainee, a construction worker with no criminal record..." So "a construction worker" is a description of the detainee. But in the participants list, it's given as a separate entity. So maybe "a construction worker" is a role, not a person. But the guidelines say "Per" includes human individuals. If the entity is a role, not a specific person, then it might not be Per. However, in the example given, "O rapaz" (the boy) is Per. Here, "a construction worker" is a role, not a specific person. So maybe it's "Other"? But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's considered a Per because it's a human role. Wait, the user might expect that "a construction worker" is Per because it's a person's job. But I'm not certain. Maybe I should check the example again. In the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org. So if "a construction worker" is a role, it's not an organization. But the Per class is for individuals. If the entity is a role, not a specific person, then it's not Per. But in the input, "a construction worker" is a descriptor of the detainee. So maybe it's not a separate participant. But the user has listed it as a participant to classify. Hmm. This is a bit tricky. Maybe I should go with "Per" for "a construction worker" because it's a person's role, but I'm not entirely sure. Alternatively, "Other" if it's not a specific person. But the example in the task had "O rapaz" as Per, which is a specific person. So if "a construction worker" is a role, not a specific person, then it's not Per. But in the input, it's part of the description of the detainee. So perhaps "a construction worker" is not a separate participant but part of the description of "The detainee". However, the user has listed it as a separate entity. Maybe the answer is "Per" for both "The detainee" and "a construction worker" because they refer to the same person. But that might not be correct. Alternatively, "a construction worker" is a role, so "Other". I need to make a decision here. Let's proceed with "Per" for "a construction worker" as it's a human role, even if it's a descriptor. Maybe the confidence is lower, like 0.7.

Lastly, "judicial authority": This is an organization or institution. In the example, "Public Security Police" was classified as Org. So "judicial authority" would be Org as well. Confidence here is high, 0.95.

So the final classifications would be:

["The detainee", "Per", 0.95], ["a construction worker", "Per", 0.7], ["judicial authority", "Org", 0.95]
</think>

<Output>[["The detainee", "Per", 0.95], ["a construction worker", "Per", 0.7], ["judicial authority", "Org", 0.95]]</Output>