<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even phrases like "the wave of solidarity" are included, but I need to check if that's a participant or just a description.

Looking at the input: "In the same statement, Ribatejo residents thank 'the wave of solidarity with the athlete who arrived from the four corners of the world'."

First, identify the entities. "Ribatejo residents" is a group of people, so that's a participant. The athlete is mentioned as the one who arrived from the four corners of the world. The "wave of solidarity" is a concept, but maybe it's considered a participant here since it's being thanked. However, the example output included "the wave of solidarity" as an entity. Wait, in the example given by the user, the output included "the wave of solidarity with the athlete..." as an entity. But in the example, the output had "the wave of solidarity with the athlete who arrived from the four corners of the world" as a single entity. However, in the current input, the quote is "the wave of solidarity with the athlete who arrived from the four corners of the world." So, the athlete is part of that phrase. But is the athlete a participant? The residents are thanking the wave of solidarity, which is associated with the athlete. But the athlete might be a participant here. Wait, the athlete is the one who arrived, so they are an individual involved. The wave of solidarity is a collective action, but maybe it's not an entity. Hmm, this is a bit tricky.

In the example, the output included "the wave of solidarity with the athlete..." as an entity. But in the current input, the exact phrase is "the wave of solidarity with the athlete who arrived from the four corners of the world." So, maybe that entire phrase is considered an entity here. However, the athlete is part of that phrase. But the user's example included "the wave of solidarity with the athlete..." as a single entity. However, in the example, the output was ["the wave of solidarity with the athlete who arrived from the four corners of the world", ...]. Wait, the example given by the user in the task was:

Input: "Plane makes emergency landing at Lisbon airport due to engine failure..."

Output included "a stopped engine", "the aircraft", etc. So, in that case, parts of the sentence were extracted as entities. So, perhaps in the current input, "Ribatejo residents" is a group, "the athlete" is an individual, and "the wave of solidarity with the athlete..." is a concept. But the example included "the wave of solidarity..." as an entity. However, in the current input, the quote is "the wave of solidarity with the athlete who arrived from the four corners of the world." So, the entire quoted phrase is an entity. But the athlete is part of that. However, the athlete is a separate entity. Wait, but the athlete is mentioned as "the athlete who arrived from the four corners of the world." So, the athlete is an individual. So, should I extract "the athlete" as a participant? The residents are thanking the wave of solidarity, which is associated with the athlete. But the athlete might be a participant here. However, the example didn't include the athlete in the output. Wait, in the example given in the task, the output included "the aircraft", "the plane", etc., but not the athlete. So, maybe in this case, the athlete is a participant. But how confident am I?

Alternatively, the "wave of solidarity" is a collective noun, but it's not an organization or a group. However, in the example, the output included "the wave of solidarity with the athlete..." as an entity. So, perhaps in this case, the entire quoted phrase is considered an entity. But the athlete is part of that. However, the user's example output for the first input included "the same source" as an entity. So, maybe the key is to extract any noun phrases that are considered participants, even if they are abstract concepts.

So, in the current input, the participants would be:

- "Ribatejo residents" (group)
- "the athlete" (individual)
- "the wave of solidarity with the athlete who arrived from the four corners of the world" (concept)

But the example output for the first input included "the same source" as an entity. So, the user's example output included "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. So, in the current input, the entities would be:

1. "Ribatejo residents" – high confidence (0.9)
2. "the athlete" – high confidence (0.8)
3. "the wave of solidarity with the athlete who arrived from the four corners of the world" – medium confidence (0.7)

But wait, the user's example output included "the wave of solidarity with the athlete who arrived from the four corners of the world" as an entity. However, in the current input, the exact phrase is the same. So, that's an entity. Also, the athlete is part of that phrase, but maybe they are a separate entity. However, the example didn't extract the athlete as a separate entity. Wait, in the first example, the output included "the aircraft" and "the plane" as separate entities. So, perhaps in this case, "the athlete" is a separate entity. But the user's example didn't include the athlete in the output. Wait, the first example's output included "engine", "a stopped engine", etc., but not the athlete. So, perhaps in this case, the athlete is a participant. But the user's example didn't include the athlete. Hmm, this is confusing.

Alternatively, maybe the athlete is not explicitly mentioned as a participant but is part of the wave of solidarity. However, the residents are thanking the wave of solidarity, which is associated with the athlete. So, the athlete might be a participant. But the example didn't include the athlete. Maybe the user's example is different. Let me check again.

In the first example's output, the entities included "the aircraft", "the plane", "engine", etc. So, parts of the sentence. So, in this case, "the athlete" would be an entity. However, the user's example output for the first input included "the same source" as an entity. So, the key is to extract any noun phrases that are considered participants. Therefore, in the current input, the participants would be:

- "Ribatejo residents" (group)
- "the athlete" (individual)
- "the wave of solidarity with the athlete who arrived from the four corners of the world" (concept)

But the example output for the first input included "the same source" as an entity. So, the user's example included "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. Therefore, in the current input, "Ribatejo residents" is a group, "the athlete" is an individual, and the quoted phrase is a concept. However, the quoted phrase is a noun phrase that's being thanked, so it's a participant. But the athlete is part of that phrase. However, the athlete is a separate entity. So, I need to extract both. But the example didn't include the athlete. Wait, the first example's input didn't mention an athlete, so it's not comparable. Maybe the user's example is not directly applicable here.

Alternatively, maybe the athlete is not a participant but part of the description of the wave of solidarity. However, the wave of solidarity is a concept, but the athlete is the one who arrived, so they are a participant. So, I think "the athlete" should be included as a participant. Therefore, the entities would be:

1. "Ribatejo residents" – confidence 0.9
2. "the athlete" – confidence 0.8
3. "the wave of solidarity with the athlete who arrived from the four corners of the world" – confidence 0.7

But I need to check if the wave of solidarity is considered a participant. Since the residents are thanking it, it's an entity involved in the event. So, yes. Therefore, the final list would include these three entities with their respective confidence scores.
</think>

[["Ribatejo residents", 0.9], ["the athlete", 0.8], ["the wave of solidarity with the athlete who arrived from the four corners of the world", 0.7]]