<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input text: "On behalf of Alverca Futebol SAD, on behalf of the athlete and his family, we thank the health professionals, and everyone who sent messages, clubs, athletes, institutions and fans from all over the world, who joined us in a gigantic demonstration of appreciation for human life", concluded the statement from SAD Alverquense."

So, the main entities here are:

1. Alverca Futebol SAD – mentioned twice, once as "Alverca Futebol SAD" and then as "SAD Alverquense". These might be the same entity, but I need to check if they are different. The name "SAD Alverquense" might be a different entity, but given the context, it's likely the same as Alverca Futebol SAD. However, I should note both with confidence scores.

2. The athlete and his family – explicitly mentioned as being on behalf of, so they are participants.

3. Health professionals – thanked, so they are participants.

4. Everyone who sent messages – this is a group, but the term "everyone" is vague. However, the specific groups mentioned are clubs, athletes, institutions, and fans. These are all participants.

5. Clubs – explicitly mentioned.

6. Athletes – mentioned again, but already covered under "everyone who sent messages" and "athletes" as a separate group.

7. Institutions – another group.

8. Fans from all over the world – a specific group.

9. The statement from SAD Alverquense – the entity making the statement.

Now, I need to list each of these with confidence. For example, "Alverca Futebol SAD" and "SAD Alverquense" might be the same, but since they are written differently, I should include both with maybe lower confidence for "SAD Alverquense" if there's uncertainty. However, the user example included "Lusa." and "source" as separate entities, so even if they are the same, they are listed separately. So perhaps I should treat "Alverca Futebol SAD" and "SAD Alverquense" as separate entities unless I'm certain they are the same. But given that "SAD Alverquense" is the statement's source, it's possible they are the same entity. However, without more context, I can't be 100% sure. So maybe assign lower confidence to "SAD Alverquense" if there's ambiguity.

Also, "the athlete and his family" – "the athlete" is a person, and "his family" is a group. But the way it's phrased, "on behalf of the athlete and his family" refers to both as participants. So I should list both as separate entities? Or as a combined entity? The example in the task included "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entities. So perhaps "the athlete" and "his family" are separate, but the user might consider them as a single entity. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. The example output included "the same source" as a separate entity, so maybe each distinct mention is considered a separate entity even if they refer to the same thing. But in this case, "the athlete and his family" is a single entity. Wait, the example output had "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate, but in the input, "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source" refer to the same entity. So maybe the user expects that even if they refer to the same entity, they are listed separately. Therefore, "the athlete and his family" would be one entity, but if there's a separate mention of "the athlete" or "his family" elsewhere, they would be separate. In this case, the input only mentions "the athlete and his family" once, so it's one entity.

Similarly, "everyone who sent messages" includes clubs, athletes, institutions, and fans. But the user wants to extract all participants, so each of these groups (clubs, athletes, institutions, fans) should be listed as separate entities. The phrase "everyone who sent messages" is a collective, but the specific groups are mentioned, so those are the participants.

So compiling the list:

- Alverca Futebol SAD (confidence high)
- SAD Alverquense (confidence medium, since it's a different name but possibly the same entity)
- the athlete and his family (high)
- health professionals (high)
- clubs (high)
- athletes (high)
- institutions (high)
- fans from all over the world (high)
- the statement from SAD Alverquense (maybe, but the statement is from SAD Alverquense, which is already listed. So perhaps not necessary to include again.)

Wait, the statement is from SAD Alverquense, which is already in the list. So maybe "the statement from SAD Alverquense" is redundant. The user example included "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. So in this case, "the statement from SAD Alverquense" might be considered as a separate entity, but since "SAD Alverquense" is already listed, maybe not. Alternatively, the statement is an action by SAD Alverquense, so the entity is SAD Alverquense.

So the final list would be:

["Alverca Futebol SAD", 0.95], ["SAD Alverquense", 0.8], ["the athlete and his family", 0.95], ["health professionals", 0.9], ["clubs", 0.9], ["athletes", 0.9], ["institutions", 0.9], ["fans from all over the world", 0.9].

I need to check if "everyone who sent messages" is a participant. The text says "everyone who sent messages, clubs, athletes, institutions and fans..." So "everyone who sent messages" is a group, but the specific groups are clubs, athletes, institutions, and fans. So maybe "everyone who sent messages" is a collective term, but the specific groups are the ones listed. Therefore, the participants are clubs, athletes, institutions, fans. The "everyone" is a general term, but the specific groups are mentioned, so those are the participants.

So the final list would include the specific groups: clubs, athletes, institutions, fans from all over the world. The "health professionals" are also thanked, so they are participants. The athlete and his family are on behalf of, so they are participants. Alverca Futebol SAD and SAD Alverquense are the organizations involved.

I think that's all. Now assign confidence scores. For the organizations, maybe 0.95 for Alverca Futebol SAD, 0.8 for SAD Alverquense if there's a chance they are different. The others are more certain, so 0.9 or 0.95.
</think>

[["Alverca Futebol SAD", 0.95], ["SAD Alverquense", 0.8], ["the athlete and his family", 0.95], ["health professionals", 0.9], ["clubs", 0.9], ["athletes", 0.9], ["institutions", 0.9], ["fans from all over the world", 0.9]]