<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" were included, but I need to be careful with that.

First, I'll read the input sentence: "On Sunday, Alex Apolinário suffered a cardiorespiratory arrest during the Alverca - União de Almeirim game, counting for the Portuguese Championship."

Breaking it down, the main event is the cardiorespiratory arrest of Alex Apolinário. The participants here would be Alex Apolinário, the teams involved in the game (Alverca and União de Almeirim), the Portuguese Championship as the event it's part of, and maybe the game itself. 

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "Plane", "engine", "airport", etc., even if they were parts of phrases. So I need to check if "Alverca - União de Almeirim game" should be split into "Alverca", "União de Almeirim", and "game". Also, "Portuguese Championship" is an event, so that's a participant. 

Wait, the example included "the same source" and "source" as separate entities. So maybe even phrases like "the game" or "the Portuguese Championship" are considered entities. Also, "counting for the Portuguese Championship" might imply that the Championship is a participant here. 

So possible entities: Alex Apolinário (individual), Alverca (team), União de Almeirim (team), the game (event), Portuguese Championship (event). Also, "cardiorespiratory arrest" is an event, but the user might not consider that a participant. The example included "engine failure" as an entity, but that's a condition, not a participant. Hmm, maybe the example included "engine" as a part of the problem, but in this case, the arrest is the event, not a participant. 

Wait, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. So Alex is the one who suffered the arrest, so he's a participant. The teams Alverca and União de Almeirim are involved in the game, so they are participants. The Portuguese Championship is the event that the game is part of, so it's also a participant. The game itself is an event, so maybe that's a participant too. 

I need to make sure each entity is correctly identified. Let me list them:

1. Alex Apolinário (individual, high confidence)
2. Alverca (team, high confidence)
3. União de Almeirim (team, high confidence)
4. Portuguese Championship (event, high confidence)
5. the game (event, but maybe part of the context, but the example included "game" as a participant? Wait, the example input had "emergency landing" and "engine failure" as entities. So maybe the game is considered an entity here. However, the example output included "the airports" as an entity. So in this case, "the game" could be an entity. But the input says "during the Alverca - União de Almeirim game", so maybe "Alverca - União de Almeirim game" is the entity. But the example split "the airports" into "the airports" as an entity. So perhaps I should include "Alverca - União de Almeirim game" as a single entity. However, the example had "the airports" as an entity, but in the input, it was "the airports of Farnborough, England, and Lisbon". So maybe the way to split is based on the noun phrases. 

Alternatively, maybe the teams are separate entities. So "Alverca" and "União de Almeirim" are separate. The game is an event, but maybe not a participant. The Portuguese Championship is the event that the game is part of, so that's a participant. 

So the entities would be:

- Alex Apolinário (confidence 1.0)
- Alverca (confidence 0.9)
- União de Almeirim (confidence 0.9)
- Portuguese Championship (confidence 0.9)
- game (maybe, but the example didn't include "game" as an entity. Wait, in the example input, the event was an emergency landing, and the output included "emergency landing" as an entity. So maybe the game here is an event, so it's a participant. However, the input says "during the Alverca - União de Almeirim game", so the game is the event where the arrest happened. Therefore, the game is a participant. But the example didn't include "game" as an entity. Wait, in the example input, the output included "airport" as an entity. So maybe "game" is an entity here. 

But the example output included "the airports" as an entity. So maybe in this case, "the game" is an entity. However, the input says "during the Alverca - União de Almeirim game", so the game is an event. Therefore, the game is a participant. 

Alternatively, maybe the teams are the participants, and the game is the event. But the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The game itself is an event, but the teams are the participants. The Portuguese Championship is the event that the game is part of. 

Hmm, this is a bit tricky. Let me check the example again. In the example input, the output included "airport" as an entity. So even if it's a location, it's considered a participant. Similarly, in this case, the game is an event, so it's a participant. 

So the entities would be:

- Alex Apolinário (individual)
- Alverca (team)
- União de Almeirim (team)
- Portuguese Championship (event)
- the game (event)

But the example didn't include "game" as an entity. Wait, the example input had "emergency landing" as an entity. So maybe the event itself is considered a participant. So in this case, the game is an event, so it's a participant. 

Alternatively, maybe the game is not a participant but the teams are. The Portuguese Championship is the event that the game is part of, so that's a participant. 

I think the safest approach is to include the teams, the individual, and the event (Portuguese Championship). The game might be part of the context but not a participant. However, the example included "emergency landing" as an entity, which is an event. So maybe the game is an event here. 

But the input says "during the Alverca - União de Almeirim game", so the game is the event where the arrest happened. Therefore, the game is a participant. 

So the final list would be:

["Alex Apolinário", 1.0], ["Alverca", 0.9], ["União de Almeirim", 0.9], ["Portuguese Championship", 0.9], ["game", 0.8], ["Alverca - União de Almeirim game", 0.8]. Wait, but the example didn't split the hyphenated names. In the example, "Humberto Delgado Airport" was included as "at Humberto Delgado Airport". So maybe the full name is better. 

Wait, the input is "Alverca - União de Almeirim game". So the game is between those two teams. So the entity could be "Alverca - União de Almeirim game" as a single entity. But the example included "the airports" as an entity. So maybe the entire phrase is considered. 

Alternatively, split into "Alverca", "União de Almeirim", and "game". But the example included "the airports" as a single entity. So perhaps the entire phrase is better. 

But the example also included "the airports" as an entity. So in this case, "Alverca - União de Almeirim game" would be an entity. 

But the user might expect the teams to be separate. Let me check the example again. In the example, "the airports" was included as an entity, but the input had "the airports of Farnborough, England, and Lisbon". So the entity was "the airports", not each individual airport. 

Therefore, in this case, the entity would be "Alverca - União de Almeirim game". 

But the user might also consider the teams as separate participants. So I need to include both the teams and the game. 

So the final list would be:

["Alex Apolinário", 1.0], ["Alverca", 0.9], ["União de Almeirim", 0.9], ["Portuguese Championship", 0.9], ["Alverca - União de Almeirim game", 0.8]. 

But I'm not sure if "game" is needed. Alternatively, maybe the game is part of the context and not a participant. 

Alternatively, the Portuguese Championship is the event, and the game is part of that. So the Portuguese Championship is the main event, and the game is a sub-event. But the user might consider both. 

This is a bit ambiguous. Given the example, I think including the teams, the individual, and the event (Portuguese Championship) is safe. The game might be part of the context but not a participant. 

So the final answer would be:

["Alex Apolinário", 1.0], ["Alverca", 0.9], ["União de Almeirim", 0.9], ["Portuguese Championship", 0.9].
</think>

[["Alex Apolinário", 1.0], ["Alverca", 0.9], ["União de Almeirim", 0.9], ["Portuguese Championship", 0.9]]