<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants to classify. The input is a quote from a "Cometlis source" saying there's no way to reverse the "injury situation." The participants are "Cometlis source" and "injury situation."

Starting with "Cometlis source." The classes include Per, Org, Obj, Nat, etc. Since it's a source, which is likely a person or organization. The example given in the task had "a Public Security Police" classified as Org. Here, "Cometlis source" might be a person from the company Cometlis, so Per? Or maybe the source is an organization. Wait, the example had "source" classified as Per, like "source" in the example was a person. But here, "Cometlis source" might be an organization's source. Hmm. But the example had "source" as Per. Wait, in the example, "source" was "a Public Security Police" which was Org. Wait, no, in the example, "a Public Security Police" was Org, and "source" was Per. Wait, looking back:

In the example output, ["source", "Per"], ["the same source", "Per"]. So "source" is considered a person. But here, "Cometlis source" might be a person from Cometlis, so Per. But if Cometlis is an organization, then "Cometlis source" could be an Org. Wait, but the term "source" in the input is "a Cometlis source," which might refer to a person affiliated with Cometlis. So maybe Per. But if Cometlis is an organization, then "Cometlis source" would be Org? Or is it a person working for Cometlis? The example had "source" as Per, so maybe here it's also Per. But the name "Cometlis" might be an organization. Wait, the example had "airline Jota Aviation" as Org. So if Cometlis is an organization, then "Cometlis source" would be a person from that organization, so Per. But if the source is the organization itself, then Org. But the term "source" usually refers to a person. So I think "Cometlis source" is Per.

Next, "injury situation." The classes include situations, but looking at the categories, the closest might be Other. The example had "um cheiro a queimado" as Other. "Injury situation" is a state or condition, not a tangible object, not a place, not a person or organization. So Other. But wait, the classes don't have a specific category for situations. The Other class is for entities that don't fit other categories. So "injury situation" would be Other. So the classifications would be:

["Cometlis source", "Per", 0.8], ["injury situation", "Other", 0.7]

Wait, but the example had "injury" as part of the input, but in the example, the participants were classified as Obj, etc. Wait, in the example, "engine" was Obj, "engine failure" was Obj. But here, "injury situation" is a state, not an object. So Other is the correct class here. So I think that's the way to go.
</think>

<Output>[["Cometlis source", "Per", 0.8], ["injury situation", "Other", 0.7]]</Output>