<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, I'll look at the input sentence again to understand the context. The sentence mentions an accident that happened around 21:40 on Saturday on the "autoestrada do Norte" (North motorway) in the North/South direction. It involved three light vehicles (três ligeiros) and caused four injured people (quatro feridos), all with no serious injuries.

Now, the participants to classify are "autoestrada do Norte", "três ligeiros", and "quatro feridos".

Starting with "autoestrada do Norte". The term "autoestrada" translates to motorway or highway, which is a type of road infrastructure. In the classes provided, "Facility" might be the right category here, but I need to check if "Facility" includes roads. Alternatively, "Location" could be considered since it's a place where the accident occurred. However, "Facility" is more about man-made structures, so a motorway is a facility. But I'm a bit unsure. Let me think again. The example given in the task had "aeroporto" classified as "Fac", so maybe "autoestrada" is also a facility. So I'll go with "Fac" for "autoestrada do Norte".

Next, "três ligeiros". "Ligeiros" translates to light vehicles, like cars or small vehicles. These are objects, so "Obj" seems appropriate. The example had "avião" as "Obj", so this should be "Obj" as well.

Lastly, "quatro feridos". "Feridos" are injured people. Since they are people, the class should be "Per" (Person). The example had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as "Per", so this fits.

Wait, but the participants are "quatro feridos" which is plural. The class "Per" is for persons, so even though it's plural, the classification should still be "Per". 

Let me double-check each classification again. 

- "autoestrada do Norte" is a road, which is a facility. So "Fac".
- "três ligeiros" are vehicles, objects. "Obj".
- "quatro feridos" are people, so "Per".

Yes, that seems correct. I don't see any other possible classifications here. The other classes like Location or Nature don't fit. "Location" might be for places like cities or countries, not roads. "Nature" is for natural elements, which isn't the case here. So the final classifications should be as above.
</think>

<Output>[["autoestrada do Norte", "Fac"], ["três ligeiros", "Obj"], ["quatro feridos", "Per"]]</Output>