<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Futebolista Quincy Promes detido por suspeita de esfaqueamento de um familiar". The participants to classify are ["Futebolista Quincy Promes", "Quincy Promes", "um familiar"].

First, I need to determine the class for each entity. The classes available are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "Futebolista Quincy Promes". The term "Futebolista" means footballer, which is a person. Quincy Promes is a known footballer, so this is a person. The class should be Person.

Next, "Quincy Promes" alone. Since he's a person's name, this is also a Person. Even though the title "Futebolista" is included in the first entry, the name itself is still a person.

Then "um familiar". "Familiar" translates to relative or family member, which is a person. The article "um" is just an indefinite article, so the entity here is a person. So this should be Person as well.

Wait, but the example had "Lisboa" classified as Pl_capital. But in the classes given, the user mentioned classes like Person, Organization, etc. Wait, looking back, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example output used Pl_capital, which might be a typo or a specific subclass. However, in the user's instruction, the classes are as listed. The example might have used Location for "Lisboa" but the user's classes include Location. Wait, the example output has "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", but the user's classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Maybe the example used a different classification system, but the user is now asking to use the classes as listed. So perhaps "Lisboa" should be Location, not Pl_capital. But the example output shows "Pl_capital" which might be a mistake. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes provided. So I need to check the user's classes again.

Wait, the user's classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Lisboa" is a location, so it should be Location. But in the example, they used "Pl_capital" which might be a typo. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, in this case, "Lisboa" would be Location. But the example might have used a different format. However, the user's example output shows "Pl_capital" but that might be an error. The user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. So I need to stick to the classes given.

So for the current input, "Futebolista Quincy Promes" is a person. "Quincy Promes" is a person. "um familiar" is a person. Therefore, all three should be classified as Person. 

Wait, but "um familiar" is a relative, which is a person. So yes, all three are Person. So the output should be each of them as Person.
</think>

[["Futebolista Quincy Promes", "Per"], ["Quincy Promes", "Per"], ["um familiar", "Per"]]