<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is about Quincy Promes, a Dutch international footballer from Ajax, who was arrested for allegedly stabbing a family member in July, according to Dutch media citing police sources.

Now, looking at the participants list:

1. "Quincy Promes" – This is a person's name, so the class should be Person.
2. "futebolista do Ajax" – This translates to "footballer of Ajax." Since it's a role or title related to a person, but the term itself refers to the position, not an organization. However, "Ajax" is the organization here. Wait, but the phrase "futebolista do Ajax" is a noun phrase describing a person's role. So maybe "futebolista" is a role, but the entire phrase might be considered as a Person since it's referring to Quincy Promes. Wait, but in the input, "futebolista do Ajax" is used to describe Quincy Promes. However, the participant is listed as "futebolista do Ajax" as a separate entity. Hmm, maybe the user wants to classify the phrase as a role, but according to the classes, the options are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. Since "futebolista do Ajax" is a role/title, but not an organization. So perhaps it's a Person? Wait, but the actual person is Quincy Promes. Maybe "futebolista do Ajax" is a role, but since it's a noun phrase, maybe it's classified as Other? Or maybe as a Person because it's referring to a person's role. But the example given earlier had "fonte" classified as Person. So maybe "futebolista do Ajax" is a Person. Alternatively, maybe it's a title, but the class doesn't have a "Title" category. The closest would be Person or Other. Hmm, but in the example, "fonte" (source) was classified as Person. So maybe "futebolista do Ajax" is a Person. Wait, but "futebolista" is a profession, but the phrase is a noun phrase. Alternatively, maybe it's an Object? No, that doesn't fit. Maybe Other? But I need to check the example again. In the example, "fonte" was classified as Person. So perhaps "futebolista do Ajax" is a Person. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's a role, so Other. But the user might expect that "futebolista do Ajax" refers to the person, so Person. I'll go with Person here.

3. "Ajax" – This is a football club, which is an Organization.

4. "os meios de comunicação holandeses" – This translates to "the Dutch media." Media is an Organization, so this should be Organization.

5. "fontes policiais" – "Police sources." These are people, so Person.

6. "familiar" – "Family member." This is a person, so Person.

Wait, but in the example, "fonte" was classified as Person, and "a mesma fonte" as Person. So "fontes policiais" would be Person as well. "Familiar" is a family member, which is a person, so Person.

So compiling the classifications:

- Quincy Promes: Person
- futebolista do Ajax: Person (since it's a role referring to a person)
- Ajax: Organization
- os meios de comunicação holandeses: Organization
- fontes policiais: Person
- familiar: Person

Wait, but "futebolista do Ajax" is a noun phrase, but in the input, it's used to describe Quincy Promes. However, the participant list includes "futebolista do Ajax" as a separate entity. So maybe it's a title or role, but the class doesn't have a "Role" category. The options are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. Since it's a role, maybe Other? But in the example, "fonte" was classified as Person. Hmm. Alternatively, if "futebolista do Ajax" is a title, but the actual person is Quincy Promes. But the user might consider the phrase as a Person because it's referring to the individual. Alternatively, maybe it's an Object? No, that doesn't make sense. Maybe Other. But I'm not sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "a aeronave" was classified as Object. So "futebolista do Ajax" is a role, but not an object. Maybe Other? But the user might expect that since it's a person's role, it's a Person. Alternatively, maybe the user considers it as a Person. I think I'll go with Person here, even though it's a role. Alternatively, if the user considers it as a title, but since the classes don't have a title category, maybe Person is the closest.

So the final classifications would be:

["Quincy Promes", "Person"], ["futebolista do Ajax", "Person"], ["Ajax", "Organization"], ["os meios de comunicação holandeses", "Organization"], ["fontes policiais", "Person"], ["familiar", "Person"]

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is a sub-class of Location. However, in the current task, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Lisboa" would be Location. But in the input here, "familiar" is a person, so Person. "fontes policiais" are people, so Person. "os meios de comunicação holandeses" is an Organization. "Ajax" is an Organization. "futebolista do Ajax" is a Person. "Quincy Promes" is a Person. So that's the breakdown.
</think>

[["Quincy Promes", "Person"], ["futebolista do Ajax", "Person"], ["Ajax", "Organization"], ["os meios de comunicação holandeses", "Organization"], ["fontes policiais", "Person"], ["familiar", "Person"]]