<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "Alguns nos presentes na festa interpuseram-se entre os dois, o que teria impedido um desfecho mais grave." The participants to classify are ["Alguns nos presentes na festa", "os dois", "a festa"].

First, I need to determine the class for each entity. The classes available are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "Alguns nos presentes na festa". The phrase translates to "Some of those present at the party". "Alguns" means some, and "nos presentes na festa" refers to people present at the party. Since this is a group of people, it's likely a Person. But wait, the class "Person" is for individuals, while groups might fall under "Other" or "Organization"? Hmm, but "Organization" is for companies or groups, not necessarily a group of people at an event. Maybe "Other" here? Or maybe "Person" since they are people. The example given in the task had "fonte" (source) classified as "Per" (Person), which might be a role. But "Alguns nos presentes na festa" is a group of people, so maybe "Person" is acceptable here.

Next, "os dois" means "the two". This refers to two people or entities. Since it's not specified, but in context, it's likely two people. So "os dois" would be "Person" as well.

Lastly, "a festa" is "the party". A party is an event, which is a type of Object or maybe Location? Wait, "Location" is for places, but a party is an event, which is an Object. However, in the example, "aeroporto" was classified as "Fac" (Facility). But "festa" is an event, not a facility. So maybe "Object" here. Alternatively, "Other" if it doesn't fit. But the classes don't have an "Event" category. The closest might be "Object" or "Other". Since the example had "aeroporto" as "Fac", which is a facility, but "festa" is an event, which is not a facility. So perhaps "Object" is the best fit here.

Wait, the classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. "Festa" is an event, which is an Object. So "a festa" would be "Object".

So the classifications would be:

["Alguns nos presentes na festa", "Per"], ["os dois", "Per"], ["a festa", "Obj"]

But need to check if "Alguns nos presentes na festa" is a group of people, so "Person" is correct. "Os dois" refers to two people, so "Person". "A festa" is an event, which is an Object. That seems right.
</think>

[["Alguns nos presentes na festa", "Per"], ["os dois", "Per"], ["a festa", "Obj"]]