<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each participant listed into one of the given classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, I'll look at the input sentence again to understand the context. The sentence says a 32-year-old man was found dead early this morning in the Tua River, in the Valverde da Gestosa area, in Mirandela, a place where he might have gone fishing, according to the GNR.

Now, the participants to classify are: "Um homem de 32 anos", "rio Tua", "zona de Valverde da Gestosa", "Mirandela", "a GNR".

Starting with "Um homem de 32 anos" – that's clearly a person, so the class should be Person.

Next, "rio Tua" – a river is a natural feature, so that's Nature. Wait, but sometimes rivers can be considered as locations. However, the class "Nature" is specified, so I think "Nature" is correct here.

"zona de Valverde da Gestosa" – this is a specific area, which would be a Location. The term "zona" translates to "zone" or "area," so Location makes sense.

"Mirandela" – this is a place name, likely a town or city. Since it's a proper noun referring to a location, it should be classified as Location. But wait, in the example given earlier, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital," which is a sub-type of Location. However, the current classes don't have sub-types like Pl_capital. The classes are just Location, so Mirandela would be Location.

"a GNR" – GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is a Portuguese national police force. That's an organization, so the class should be Organization.

Let me double-check each one. The man is a person. The river is nature. The zone is a location. Mirandela is a location. GNR is an organization. That seems right. I don't see any other possible classifications here. The example had "Facility" for airports, but here there's no facility mentioned. The river is a natural feature, so Nature is correct. The zone and Mirandela are both locations. The GNR is an organization. The man is a person. All set.
</think>

[["Um homem de 32 anos", "Per"], ["rio Tua", "Nature"], ["zona de Valverde da Gestosa", "Loc"], ["Mirandela", "Loc"], ["a GNR", "Org"]]