<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "“O objetivo do crime terá sido a apropriação dos bens que a vítima tinha consigo e ainda da casa que lhe pertencia”, acrescentou."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "a vítima" (the victim), "os bens" (the goods), and "a casa" (the house). The verb "apropriação" (appropriation) suggests that these are the items being taken. The speaker is someone adding a comment, but the original text doesn't mention who that is, so maybe "acrescentou" is a verb without a subject, so the speaker isn't named here. 

Looking at the example output, they included "a vítima", "os bens", "a casa", and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) when there was a reference to a source. However, in this case, the speaker isn't named, so maybe "acrescentou" isn't a participant. The participants are the victim, the goods, and the house. 

Wait, but the definition says participants can be those impacted by the event. The victim is definitely impacted. The goods and the house are the objects being taken, so they are part of the event. But are they considered participants? The example included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So maybe objects involved are included. 

So, I should list "a vítima", "os bens", and "a casa". Each occurrence is a separate entry. The text mentions "os bens que a vítima tinha consigo" and "da casa que lhe pertencia". So "os bens" and "a casa" are the entities. 

Confidence: "a vítima" is clearly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). "os bens" and "a casa" are also directly mentioned, so maybe 0.9 each. Are there any other entities? The speaker is "acrescentou" but no name is given, so no. 

So the output should be a list of these three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["a vítima", 0.95], ["os bens", 0.9], ["a casa", 0.9]]