<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Os detidos, ele de 61 anos e ela de 48 anos, moram na cidade de Braga."

Breaking this down, the main event here is that two people were detained. The sentence mentions "Os detidos" (the detainees), then specifies their ages and that they live in Braga. 

So, the participants would be the two individuals. However, the text doesn't give their names, only their ages and that they are from Braga. The example output in the task included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were parts of the event. But in this case, the participants are the people detained. 

Wait, the definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities involved or impacted. Here, the detainees are the individuals involved. The city of Braga is mentioned as where they live, so that's an entity. But the question is whether Braga is a participant. Since they are impacted by the event (detention), maybe not. The focus is on the people detained.

But the example included "Lisboa" as a participant. In the example, the output had "Lisboa" multiple times. So maybe any named entity that's part of the event is included. However, in this case, the main participants are the two people. But since they aren't named, only described by age and location, should I include them as entities?

The example output included "Um avião", "a aeronave", etc., even if they were the same entity. So maybe in this case, "Os detidos" is the entity, and since they are two individuals, but the text doesn't name them, perhaps "Os detidos" is the entity. Also, the ages are part of the description but not the entity name. The city Braga is mentioned as where they live, so that's an entity. 

Wait, the example output included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if it's mentioned in different contexts, each occurrence is listed. But in this case, "Braga" is mentioned once. So maybe "Braga" is a participant. But the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The city isn't involved in the detention, but the people are. However, the city is where they live, so maybe it's not a participant. 

Alternatively, maybe the participants are the two individuals. But since they aren't named, the only way to represent them is as "Os detidos" and "ele" and "ela". However, "ele" and "ela" are pronouns referring to the two detainees. The example output included "Um avião", "a aeronave", etc., which are different mentions of the same entity. So in this case, "Os detidos" is the main entity. But the text also says "ele de 61 anos" and "ela de 48 anos", which are descriptions of the two individuals. However, since they aren't named, perhaps the best we can do is list "Os detidos" as the entity. 

But the example output included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entities. So maybe each mention of an entity is considered a separate entry. However, in the example, "o motor" and "um motor" are the same entity, so they are both listed. But in this case, "Os detidos" is the same as "ele" and "ela", but since they are pronouns, maybe they are considered separate mentions. 

Alternatively, the user might expect that "Os detidos" is the main entity, and "ele" and "ela" are pronouns pointing to them. However, the example output included "Um avião", "a aeronave", "O avião", etc., which are different mentions of the same entity. So perhaps each mention is considered a separate entity. 

Therefore, in this input, the entities would be:

- "Os detidos" (the detainees)
- "ele" (the male detainee)
- "ela" (the female detainee)
- "Braga" (the city where they live)

But the example output included "Lisboa" multiple times. However, in the example, "Lisboa" was part of the location of the airport. In this case, "Braga" is the city where the detainees live. So maybe "Braga" is a participant as the location where they reside, but the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The city isn't involved in the detention, but the people are. However, the city is mentioned as their residence, so perhaps it's not a participant. 

Alternatively, the participants are the people, even if unnamed. So "Os detidos" is the entity, and "ele" and "ela" are pronouns referring to them. But since they are not named, the confidence might be lower. 

The example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. So even if they are not named, they are considered participants. 

So in this case, the participants would be:

- "Os detidos" (the detainees)
- "ele" (the male detainee)
- "ela" (the female detainee)
- "Braga" (the city where they live)

But the confidence for "Braga" might be lower since it's not directly involved in the event. However, the example included "Lisboa" as a participant. So maybe "Braga" should be included. 

Alternatively, the city is not a participant but a location. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The city isn't involved, but the people are. However, the people are the participants. 

So the main participants are the two individuals. Since they are referred to as "Os detidos", "ele", and "ela", each of these mentions would be entities. 

So the output would be:

[
  ["Os detidos", 0.9],
  ["ele", 0.8],
  ["ela", 0.8],
  ["Braga", 0.7]
]

But the example output included "Lisboa" multiple times. However, in this case, "Braga" is mentioned once. The confidence scores are estimates. The user didn't specify how to calculate them, so I can assign them based on how clear the entity is. "Os detidos" is clearly the main entity. "ele" and "ela" are pronouns, so maybe 0.8. "Braga" is a location, but not a participant in the event, so maybe 0.5. But the example included "Lisboa" as a participant, so maybe it's acceptable to include "Braga" as well. 

Alternatively, maybe "Braga" is not a participant but a location. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The city isn't involved, so maybe it's not a participant. 

In that case, the participants are "Os detidos", "ele", and "ela". 

But the example included "Lisboa" as a participant. So perhaps locations are considered participants if they are part of the event. In the example, the airport is part of the event. In this case, the city where the detainees live is not part of the event, but the event is their detention. So maybe "Braga" is not a participant. 

Therefore, the participants are the two individuals, referred to as "Os detidos", "ele", and "ela". 

So the final answer would be:

[
  ["Os detidos", 0.9],
  ["ele", 0.8],
  ["ela", 0.8]
]

But the example output included "Lisboa" multiple times, even though it's a location. So maybe the user expects that any named entity is considered a participant. In that case, "Braga" should be included. 

Hmm, this is a bit ambiguous. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The city isn't involved, but the people are. However, the example included "Lisboa" as a participant. So maybe the user considers locations as participants if they are part of the event's context. 

In the example, the airport is part of the event (emergency landing), so it's a participant. In this case, the city where the detainees live is part of their background, but not the event itself. However, the event is their detention, and the city is where they reside. 

I think the safest approach is to include "Braga" as a participant, following the example's inclusion of locations. So the final list would include "Os detidos", "ele", "ela", and "Braga".
</think>

[["Os detidos", 0.9], ["ele", 0.8], ["ela", 0.8], ["Braga", 0.7]]