<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, or even objects involved in the event.

First, I need to understand the input text. The sentence is: "Vão ser presentes a tribunal para primeiro interrogatório judicial e aplicação das respetivas medidas de coação." Translating that, it means "They will be brought to court for the first judicial interrogation and application of the respective coercive measures."

Now, the task is to identify all participants. Participants here would be the entities involved in the event. The main action is "ser presentes a tribunal" (being brought to court). The subjects here are "they" (the people being brought to court). However, the text doesn't explicitly mention who "they" are. It's possible that "they" refers to individuals involved in a legal case, but since the text doesn't specify names or groups, I might need to infer based on context.

Looking at the example provided, the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were repeated. So, even if the same entity is mentioned multiple times, each occurrence is listed. But in this case, the text doesn't mention any specific names or organizations. The only entities mentioned are "tribunal" (court), "interrogatório judicial" (judicial interrogation), "medidas de coação" (coercive measures). However, "medidas de coação" is a legal term, not an entity. 

Wait, the definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities involved. So "tribunal" is an entity here. The people being brought to court are the participants, but since they are referred to as "they" without specific names, maybe "they" is considered a participant. However, in the example, they included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source), which are pronouns but still considered entities. So maybe "they" (os que vão ser presentes) is considered a participant. But the text doesn't specify who they are. 

Alternatively, maybe "tribunal" is the only entity mentioned. But the example included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants even though they were locations. So in this case, "tribunal" would be an entity. However, the main participants would be the individuals being brought to court, but since they are not named, perhaps they are not included. But the example included "fonte" which is a pronoun. So maybe "they" is considered as a participant here. However, the user's example output included "fonte" as a participant even though it's a pronoun. 

Wait, the example output had entries like "fonte", "a mesma fonte", which are pronouns. So in this case, the subject "Vão ser presentes" is "they", which is a pronoun. So maybe "they" is considered a participant. But the problem is that the text doesn't specify who "they" are. However, according to the definition, participants can be inferred from context. If the text is about people being brought to court, then "they" are the participants. But since the text doesn't name them, maybe we can't include them. However, the example included "fonte" as a participant even though it's a pronoun. So perhaps "they" is considered a participant here. 

Alternatively, maybe "tribunal" is the only entity. But the example included "aeroporto" as a participant. So in this case, "tribunal" would be an entity. However, the main participants are the people being brought to court, but since they are not named, maybe they are not included. But the example included "fonte" which is a pronoun. So perhaps "they" is considered a participant here. 

But the user's example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. So in this case, "Vão ser presentes" refers to "they", which is a pronoun. So maybe "they" is considered a participant. However, the problem is that the text doesn't specify who they are. But according to the definition, participants can be inferred. So maybe "they" is considered a participant here. 

Alternatively, maybe "tribunal" is the only entity. But the example included "aeroporto" as a participant. So "tribunal" would be included. Also, the legal terms like "interrogatório judicial" and "medidas de coação" are part of the event but not entities. 

So the possible participants are "they" (the people being brought to court) and "tribunal". But since "they" is a pronoun, maybe it's included as "they" with a confidence score. However, the example included "fonte" as a participant. So in this case, "they" would be a participant. 

But the user's example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. So in this case, "they" would be "os que vão ser presentes" but since it's not specified, maybe it's not included. Alternatively, maybe "tribunal" is the only entity. 

This is a bit tricky. Let me check the example again. The example input had multiple mentions of the same entity, like "Avião" and "o motor" repeated. So even if the same entity is mentioned multiple times, each occurrence is listed. But in this case, the text doesn't mention any specific names or organizations. The only entities are "tribunal" and possibly "they" (the people being brought to court). 

But the problem is that "they" is not a named entity. However, the example included "fonte" as a participant. So maybe "they" is considered a participant here. So the output would be ["they", 0.5], ["tribunal", 0.8]. But the user might expect "tribunal" as the only entity. 

Alternatively, maybe "medidas de coação" is considered a participant, but that's a legal term, not an entity. 

Hmm. Given the ambiguity, I think the safest approach is to include "tribunal" as the participant, since it's an entity involved in the event. The people being brought to court are the subjects, but since they are not named, perhaps they are not included. However, the example included "fonte" as a participant, which is a pronoun. So maybe "they" is considered a participant here. 

But the user's example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. So in this case, "they" would be "os que vão ser presentes", which is a pronoun. So maybe "they" is included. 

But the problem is that the text doesn't specify who they are. However, according to the definition, participants can be inferred from context. So "they" are the participants. 

So the final answer would be:

[["they", 0.5], ["tribunal", 0.8]]

But I need to check if "they" is a valid participant here. Since the example included "fonte" as a participant, which is a pronoun, then "they" should be included. However, the user might expect "tribunal" as the only entity. 

Alternatively, maybe "medidas de coação" is a participant, but that's a legal term, not an entity. 

I think the best approach is to include "tribunal" as the entity and "they" as the participants, even though they are not named. So the JSON output would be:

[["they", 0.5], ["tribunal", 0.8]]
</think>

[["they", 0.5], ["tribunal", 0.8]]