<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is a sentence in Portuguese about an accident involving a vehicle from the Empresa Municipal de Ambiente do Porto, which caused a power pole to fall. The participants to classify are "a Câmara do Porto", "Empresa Municipal de Ambiente do Porto", "um veículo da Empresa Municipal de Ambiente do Porto", and "poste de eletricidade".

Starting with "a Câmara do Porto". Câmara usually refers to a city council, which is an organization. So that's likely Org. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "Empresa Municipal de Ambiente do Porto" – this is the name of a company, so definitely Org. Confidence 0.98.

Then, "um veículo da Empresa Municipal de Ambiente do Porto". The vehicle is a man-made object, so Obj. The confidence here is 0.9 because it's a vehicle, but the mention of the company might be a distractor. But the main entity is the vehicle itself.

Lastly, "poste de eletricidade" – a power pole is a tangible, man-made object, so Obj. Confidence 0.95. 

Wait, but I should check if any of these could be classified differently. For example, "poste de eletricidade" is a structure, which is Obj. The vehicle is a Veh? Wait, the classes include Veh as a separate category. Wait, looking back at the classes: Obj is any tangible, manmade objects. Veh is vehicles. So "veículo" would be Veh, not Obj. Oh, right! The user provided a list of classes where Veh is a separate category. So "um veículo" should be Veh, not Obj. That's a mistake I made earlier. Let me correct that.

So "um veículo da Empresa Municipal de Ambiente do Porto" is Veh. The confidence would be 0.95. Then "poste de eletricidade" is Obj. 

So revising the classifications:

- "a Câmara do Porto" → Org (0.95)
- "Empresa Municipal de Ambiente do Porto" → Org (0.98)
- "um veículo da Empresa Municipal de Ambiente do Porto" → Veh (0.95)
- "poste de eletricidade" → Obj (0.95)

I need to make sure I didn't miss any other possible classifications. The Câmara is an organization, the company is an organization, the vehicle is a vehicle, and the pole is an object. That seems correct.
</think>

<Output>[["a Câmara do Porto", "Org", 0.95], ["Empresa Municipal de Ambiente do Porto", "Org", 0.98], ["um veículo da Empresa Municipal de Ambiente do Porto", "Veh", 0.95], ["poste de eletricidade", "Obj", 0.95]]</Output>