<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is a quote from a municipality about a company ordering an internal investigation into an accident and being available to collaborate with authorities. The participants to classify are "A empresa", "as autoridades", "o município", and "a família".

Starting with "A empresa". The term "empresa" translates to "company", which is an organizational entity. Companies are typically classified under "Org" because they have an organizational structure. So, "A empresa" should be "Org" with high confidence, maybe 0.95.

Next, "as autoridades". "Autoridades" means "authorities", which are governmental bodies or officials. These are usually part of an organization, so "Org" again. Confidence here might be 0.9 since authorities can sometimes be seen as a collective term, but in this context, they're likely referring to official organizations. 

Then "o município". "Município" is a municipality, which is a political or administrative region, typically a city or town. According to the classes, "Pl_civil" is for political regions or administrative areas. So "o município" should be "Pl_civil" with confidence around 0.95.

Lastly, "a família". "Família" means "family", which is a group of people related by blood or marriage. However, the classes don't have a specific category for families. The closest might be "Per" for human individuals, but families are groups, not individuals. Wait, looking back at the classes, "Per" is for human individuals or fictitious characters. Since "família" is a group, not an individual, maybe it's "Other"? But the example given for "Other" is something like "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt), which is a non-entity. Alternatively, maybe "Per" if considering the family as a collective of people. However, the instructions say participants are entities actively involved. The family here is the one receiving condolences, so they are impacted by the event. But the class "Per" is for individuals. Since "família" is a group, not an individual, perhaps "Other" is more appropriate. But I need to check the definitions again. The "Other" class includes entities that don't fit other categories. Since "família" isn't a person, organization, object, natural entity, etc., maybe "Other" with confidence 0.8. Alternatively, maybe "Per" if the family is considered as a collective person, but that's not standard. I think "Other" is safer here.
</think>

<Output>[["A empresa", "Org", 0.95], ["as autoridades", "Org", 0.9], ["o município", "Pl_civil", 0.95], ["a família", "Other", 0.8]]</Output>