<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their own confidence. 

First, I need to understand what counts as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. So, I should look for any named entities or groups that are actively involved or affected.

Looking at the input text: "A empresa ordenou já a abertura de um processo de averiguação interna às causas deste acidente estando também, naturalmente, disponível para colaborar com as autoridades", assinala o município lamentando a morte e endereçando as condolências à sua família."

Breaking this down, the main entities here are:

1. "A empresa" – This is the company that ordered an internal investigation. Since it's a subject performing an action, it's a participant. Confidence might be high, maybe 0.9.

2. "o processo de averiguação interna" – This is a process, not an entity. Probably not a participant.

3. "as causas deste acidente" – The causes of the accident. But "este acidente" refers to an accident mentioned earlier. However, the accident itself isn't named here, so maybe not a participant unless it's a named entity. But the text doesn't specify the accident's name, so probably not.

4. "as autoridades" – Authorities, which are entities the company is collaborating with. They are participants. Confidence around 0.8.

5. "o município" – The municipality is mentioned as the one making the statement, lamenting the death, and sending condolences. So they are a participant. Confidence 0.9.

6. "a família" – The family of the deceased. They are impacted by the event. Confidence 0.8.

Wait, the original example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In this case, "o município" is the one making the statement, so it's a participant. Also, "a família" is mentioned as the recipient of condolences, so they are participants.

I need to check if any other entities are present. The text mentions "a empresa" (the company), "as autoridades" (authorities), "o município" (municipality), and "a família" (the family). 

Are there any other entities? The accident itself isn't named, so it's not a participant. The process is an action, not an entity. The words like "morte" (death) are events, not participants. 

So the final list would be:

- "A empresa" (confidence 0.9)
- "as autoridades" (0.8)
- "o município" (0.9)
- "a família" (0.8)

Wait, but in the example, even repeated mentions like "Um avião" and "O avião" were included. In this case, "A empresa" and "a empresa" might be considered the same, but the input here has "A empresa" once. The output should list each mention as a separate entity if they are different in form, even if they refer to the same entity. However, in the input, "A empresa" is mentioned once. So only once. 

But the example had "Avião", "Um avião", "O avião", etc., all as separate entries. So even if they refer to the same entity, each mention is a separate entry. So here, "A empresa" is one mention. 

So the output would be:

[["A empresa", 0.9], ["as autoridades", 0.8], ["o município", 0.9], ["a família", 0.8]]

I need to make sure I didn't miss any. Let me check again. The text says the company ordered an internal investigation, the municipality is making the statement, and the family is the one receiving condolences. Authorities are the ones the company is collaborating with. 

Yes, that's all. So those four entities.
</think>

[["A empresa", 0.9], ["as autoridades", 0.8], ["o município", 0.9], ["a família", 0.8]]