<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, which seems a bit odd, but maybe they're considering parts of phrases as entities.

First, I need to parse the input sentence carefully. The input is: "The GNR soldiers who went to the scene found that the man had injuries to his face, and the intervention of the Judiciary Police, which is investigating the case, was requested, said the security force source."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. GNR soldiers: GNR is a Portuguese security force, so "GNR soldiers" is a group.
2. the man: an individual, though not explicitly named, but mentioned as having injuries.
3. Judiciary Police: another organization involved in the case.
4. the security force source: the entity providing the information, which might be part of GNR or another force.

Looking at the example output, they included phrases like "a Public Security Police" and "the same source". So even if something is a role or a title, it's considered an entity. Also, "the man" is included as an individual. 

I need to check if "the man" is a participant. Since he's the one with injuries, he's definitely involved. "GNR soldiers" are the ones who found him, so they are participants. "Judiciary Police" is involved in the investigation. The "security force source" is the one making the statement, so that's a participant too.

I should also check for any other possible entities. The text mentions "the scene", but that's a location, not a participant. "the case" is an event, not an entity. "the intervention" is an action, not an entity. 

So the entities would be:

- GNR soldiers
- the man
- Judiciary Police
- the security force source

Confidence levels: GNR soldiers and Judiciary Police are clear organizations. The man is an individual, so confidence might be a bit lower if not named, but the example included "the man" as well. The security force source is mentioned as the speaker, so that's a participant. 

Wait, in the example, "source" and "the same source" were included. Here, "the security force source" is similar, so that's an entity. 

So the final list would be these four entities with their confidence scores. Let me assign the confidence. GNR soldiers and Judiciary Police are proper nouns, so high confidence (0.95). The man is an individual, maybe 0.8. The security force source is a role, but since it's mentioned as the speaker, 0.9. 

I need to make sure I don't miss any. Let me check again. The sentence structure: GNR soldiers found the man, Judiciary Police is involved, and the security force source is the one reporting. No other entities are mentioned. So that's all.
</think>

[["GNR soldiers", 0.95], ["the man", 0.8], ["Judiciary Police", 0.95], ["the security force source", 0.9]]