<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is a sentence about GNR soldiers finding an injured man and requesting the Judiciary Police's intervention. The participants to classify are "GNR soldiers", "the man", "Judiciary Police", and "the security force source".

Starting with "GNR soldiers": GNR is the General Police of Portugal, so they are an organization. But the term here is "soldiers", which refers to individuals. However, GNR is an organization, so maybe "GNR soldiers" is a group within that organization. But the class for Org is organizations, so if "GNR soldiers" refers to the group as part of the organization, it might be Org. Wait, but the example given in the task had "A EDP" as Org, which is a company. So if "GNR soldiers" is a group under the GNR organization, maybe it's Org. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, if "soldiers" are individuals, then Per. But the GNR is an organization, so maybe "GNR soldiers" is part of that organization. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. Maybe I should check the definitions again. The Org class includes entities with an organizational structure, like companies, governments, teams. GNR is a government organization, so "GNR soldiers" might be considered as part of the Org. But the term "soldiers" might imply individuals. Wait, in the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org. So maybe "GNR soldiers" is Org. But the example had "a Public Security Police" as Org, so perhaps "GNR soldiers" is also Org. I'll go with Org here, confidence around 0.8.

Next, "the man": this is a human individual, so Per. That's straightforward. Confidence 1.0.

"Judiciary Police": this is an organization, similar to the Public Security Police in the example. So Org. Confidence 0.9.

"The security force source": the source is a person or entity providing information. In the example, "source" was classified as Per. Here, "the security force source" is likely a person from the security force, so Per. Confidence 0.95.

Wait, but in the example, "source" was Per, but here it's "the security force source". If the source is an individual, then Per. If it's the organization, then Org. But the example had "source" as Per, so I think here it's also Per. So the classifications would be:

["GNR soldiers", "Org", 0.8], ["the man", "Per", 1.0], ["Judiciary Police", "Org", 0.9], ["the security force source", "Per", 0.95]

I need to make sure I'm not missing any other classes. Let me check each again. "GNR soldiers" – if the GNR is an organization, then soldiers as part of it might be Org. "the man" is definitely Per. "Judiciary Police" is an organization. "the security force source" is a person, so Per. That seems right.
</think>

<Output>[["GNR soldiers", "Org", 0.8], ["the man", "Per", 1.0], ["Judiciary Police", "Org", 0.9], ["the security force source", "Per", 0.95]]</Output>