<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even phrases like "to engine" or "a stopped engine" are considered participants, so I need to be thorough.

First, I'll read the input text carefully. The sentence is: "According to the guard source, the man, born and residing in Carreiras, lived alone and had been seen alive in that location on Sunday, between 8:00 pm and 9:30 pm."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "the man" – clearly a person involved.
2. "guard source" – this is a group or individual providing information.
3. "Carreiras" – a location where the man lived and was seen.
4. "the location" – refers to Carreiras, so maybe redundant, but the example included "Lisbon" multiple times, so maybe include it.
5. "Sunday" – a time, but not sure if it's a participant. The example didn't include time entities, so maybe not.
6. "8:00 pm" and "9:30 pm" – times, likely not participants.
7. "born and residing in Carreiras" – the man's residence, but the location is Carreiras, which is already mentioned.

Wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was included multiple times. So even if it's repeated, it's still a participant. So "Carreiras" and "the location" (which refers to Carreiras) should both be included. But "the location" might be a reference to Carreiras, so maybe it's better to include both. However, the example had "Lisbon" and "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as separate entities. So perhaps "the location" is a separate entity here.

Also, "guard source" is an entity. The example had "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entities. So "guard source" is a participant here.

Now, checking for confidence. "the man" is definitely a participant, confidence high. "guard source" is a group or individual, confidence maybe 0.8. "Carreiras" is a place, confidence 0.9. "the location" refers to Carreiras, so maybe 0.7. "Sunday" and the times are not participants, so exclude. "born and residing" are actions, not entities. 

Wait, the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So maybe any noun phrases that are significant. "the man" is a person, "guard source" is a group, "Carreiras" is a location, "the location" as a reference. 

So the output should be:

["the man", 0.95], ["guard source", 0.8], ["Carreiras", 0.9], ["the location", 0.7]

But need to check if "the location" is necessary. Since the example included "Lisbon" and "the airports" as separate entities, maybe "the location" is a separate entity here. However, "the location" is a noun phrase referring to Carreiras. So it's better to include both. 

Also, "born and residing in Carreiras" – the verbs are actions, not entities. So no need to extract those. 

So the final list would be those four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["the man", 0.95], ["guard source", 0.8], ["Carreiras", 0.9], ["the location", 0.7]]