<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., and they might be mentioned explicitly or inferred.

First, I need to read the input text carefully. The input is in Portuguese, so I need to make sure I understand the context. The text mentions a source from the "corporação dos Bombeiros Voluntários da Ribeira Brava e Ponta do Sol" in the west of Madeira. It also talks about a man who was found dead due to possible inhalation of smoke and gases, and the room where the victim was didn't show signs of fire.

Now, I need to identify all participants. Let's start by looking for explicit mentions. The "corporação dos Bombeiros Voluntários da Ribeira Brava e Ponta do Sol" is definitely an organization involved here. The "fonte" (source) is mentioned, but it's the same as the one from the corporation, so maybe that's the same entity. The "homem" (man) is the victim, so he's a participant. The "vítima" (victim) is the same as the man, so that's redundant. The "quarto" (room) is a location, but is it a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The room is part of the scene but not an active participant, so maybe not. The "Madeira" is a location, but again, not an entity acting. The "zona oeste da Madeira" is a location, so maybe not a participant. The "fumo" (smoke) and "gases" are substances, but not entities. The "corporação" is the organization, so that's a participant. The "Bombeiros Voluntários" is part of the corporation's name, so that's included. The "Ribeira Brava" and "Ponta do Sol" are locations, but again, not participants. The "fonte" is mentioned again as "a mesma fonte," which refers back to the corporation's source. The "corporação dos Bombeiros Voluntários da Ribeira Brava e Ponta do Sol" is the main organization here. The "homem" is the victim. The "vítima" is the same as the man. The "quarto" is a location, not a participant. The "Madeira" is a region, not a participant. The "zona oeste" is a location. The "fumo" and "gases" are not participants. The "fonte" is the same as the corporation's source. The "corporação" is the organization. The "Bombeiros Voluntários" is part of the organization's name. The "Ribeira Brava" and "Ponta do Sol" are locations. The "Madeira" is a region. The "zona oeste" is a location. The "corporação dos Bombeiros Voluntários da Ribeira Brava e Ponta do Sol" is the main participant. The "homem" is the victim. The "vítima" is the same as the man. The "fonte" is the same as the corporation's source. The "corporação" is the organization. The "Bombeiros Voluntários" is part of the organization's name. The "Ribeira Brava" and "Ponta do Sol" are locations. The "Madeira" is a region. The "zona oeste" is a location. The "fumo" and "gases" are not participants. The "quarto" is a location. So, the participants are the organization, the man/victim, and the source. Wait, the source is the same as the organization's source, so maybe the organization is the main participant. The "fonte" is mentioned, but it's the same as the corporation's source. So, the entities would be "corporação dos Bombeiros Voluntários da Ribeira Brava e Ponta do Sol", "homem", "vítima", "fonte", "a mesma fonte". But the example output includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. However, in the example, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entities. So maybe I should include both. The "homem" and "vítima" are the same, but the example includes both. So, I need to check if they are considered separate. The example output for the previous input had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So, I should follow that. Therefore, the participants would be: "corporação dos Bombeiros Voluntários da Ribeira Brava e Ponta do Sol", "homem", "vítima", "fonte", "a mesma fonte". Also, the "zona oeste da Madeira" is a location, but the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The location is part of the context but not an active participant. So, maybe not. The "Madeira" is a region, not a participant. The "Ribeira Brava" and "Ponta do Sol" are locations, but again, not participants. The "quarto" is a location. So, the main participants are the organization, the man, the victim, and the source. The confidence scores: for the organization, it's a clear entity, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. The "homem" and "vítima" are the same, so maybe 0.9 each. The "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" are the same as the organization's source, so 0.9 for each. The "zona oeste da Madeira" is a location, but not a participant. The "Madeira" is a region. The "Ribeira Brava" and "Ponta do Sol" are parts of the organization's name. The "corporação" is the organization. The "Bombeiros Voluntários" is part of the name. So, the final list would include the organization, the man, the victim, the source, and the same source again. But need to check if "vítima" is the same as "homem" and if they should be considered separate. In the example, "Avião" and "a aeronave" were both included, even though they refer to the same thing. So, following that, "homem" and "vítima" are separate entries. So, the output would be:

[
  ["corporação dos Bombeiros Voluntários da Ribeira Brava e Ponta do Sol", 0.95],
  ["homem", 0.9],
  ["vítima", 0.9],
  ["fonte", 0.9],
  ["a mesma fonte", 0.9]
]

But wait, the input text says "Segundo a mesma fonte da corporação dos Bombeiros Voluntários da Ribeira Brava e Ponta do Sol..." So the "fonte" is from the corporation. Therefore, the "fonte" is the same as the corporation's source. But in the example, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So, I should include both. The "corporação" is the organization, and the "fonte" is the source from that organization. So, the "fonte" is a participant. The "a mesma fonte" refers back to the same source, so it's the same entity. But in the example, they included both. So, I should follow that. Therefore, the final list includes all the entities as per the example.
</think>

[["corporação dos Bombeiros Voluntários da Ribeira Brava e Ponta do Sol", 0.95], ["homem", 0.9], ["vítima", 0.9], ["fonte", 0.9], ["a mesma fonte", 0.9]]