<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them as a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided includes entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., each with a confidence value between 0 and 1. 

First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred. So, I need to look for all such entities in the input text.

Looking at the input text: "O alerta para o incêndio foi dado cerca das 10:00, referiu, e quando os elementos da corporação extinguiram as chamas encontraram a vítima, que vivia sozinha, já sem vida no interior."

Breaking it down:

- "O alerta" – the alert. But is "alerta" a participant? Maybe not, since it's an action, not an entity. The person who gave the alert might be a participant, but the text doesn't mention who gave it. It just says "foi dado" (was given). So maybe not.

- "os elementos da corporação" – this refers to the members of the corporation (probably the fire department). "corporação" here is likely the fire department. So "os elementos da corporação" would be the firefighters or the fire department personnel. But the exact name of the corporation isn't given. However, "corporação" might be a specific entity, but without a name, maybe it's not a participant. Wait, but "corporação" is a general term. However, in the example, they included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. So if the text mentions a specific organization, even if not named, maybe "corporação" is considered a participant. Hmm, but the example includes "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" which is a specific name. Here, "corporação" is a general term, so maybe not. But the user might expect "corporação" to be included as a participant. Alternatively, maybe "elementos da corporação" is the group, so "os elementos da corporação" as a participant. But the confidence here might be lower since it's a general term.

- "a vítima" – the victim. Definitely a participant. The victim is an individual impacted by the event. So "a vítima" is a participant. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

- "que vivia sozinha" – this is a relative clause describing the victim. So it's part of the victim's description, not a separate entity.

- "já sem vida no interior" – this describes the victim's state, not a separate entity.

So the main participants here are "os elementos da corporação" (the firefighters) and "a vítima" (the victim). 

Wait, but the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant. In the input text, the police are mentioned as the source, so they are explicitly named. In this case, the fire department is referred to as "corporação" but not named. So maybe "corporação" isn't a specific entity, so it's not a participant. However, "os elementos da corporação" refers to the people involved in extinguishing the fire, so they are participants. But without a specific name, the confidence might be lower. Alternatively, maybe "corporação" is considered a participant as an organization, even if not named. But the example included specific names. So perhaps only "a vítima" is a participant here. 

Wait, the example included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) as participants. So even if it's a generic term, if it's a role in the event, it's considered a participant. So in this case, "os elementos da corporação" are the ones who extinguished the fire, so they are participants. Even if "corporação" is a general term, the group is involved. So maybe "os elementos da corporação" is a participant. 

But the confidence for that might be lower because it's not a specific organization. However, the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" which is a specific name. So in this case, since "corporação" is not named, maybe it's not included. Alternatively, maybe "corporação" is considered a participant as an entity. 

Alternatively, maybe the user expects that any noun phrase that refers to an entity involved is considered a participant. So "os elementos da corporação" is a group of people involved, so they are participants. "a vítima" is a person involved. 

So the output would be:

["os elementos da corporação", 0.7], ["a vítima", 0.95]

But I need to check if there are any other entities. The text mentions "incêndio" (fire), but that's the event, not a participant. "chamas" (flames) are part of the event, not participants. "o interior" (the interior) is a location, but not an entity. 

So the final answer would be those two entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["os elementos da corporação", 0.7], ["a vítima", 0.95]]