<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they belong to based on the input text. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let me start by reading the input again to get context.

The input is: "Mozambican maritime inspection seized 1,100 kilos of crab, in the center of the country, in less than a week, caught in the 'veda season', when it is prohibited to catch the species, an authority source told Lusa today."

Participants to classify are:
["Mozambican maritime inspection", "1,100 kilos of crab", "the center of the country", "veda season", "authority source", "Lusa"]

Starting with "Mozambican maritime inspection". The term "maritime inspection" sounds like an organization, especially since it's part of a government or regulatory body. So that's likely an Organization.

Next, "1,100 kilos of crab". This is a quantity of a physical item, so it's an Object. The crab is the object being seized, so "1,100 kilos of crab" would be Object.

"The center of the country" refers to a location. Even though it's a general term, in this context, it's a place within the country, so Location.

"Veda season" is a term referring to a specific time period when fishing is prohibited. This seems like a natural or seasonal event, so maybe Nature? But wait, "veda season" is more of a regulation or a period, not a natural phenomenon. Hmm. Alternatively, it could be classified as Other if it doesn't fit the other categories. But I need to check the classes again. Nature is for natural elements, like mountains, rivers, etc. Since "veda season" is a human-imposed regulation, maybe it's Other. Wait, but the example had "engine failure" as Object. Alternatively, "veda season" could be considered a concept or event, which might fall under Other. But I'm not sure. Let me think again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. Since "veda season" is a time period related to a regulation, maybe it's Other. But I need to check if there's a better fit. Maybe Nature isn't right here. So Other might be the best fit.

"Authority source" refers to a person or entity providing information. In the example, "source" was classified as Person. Here, "authority source" is likely a person, so Person.

"Lusa" is the news agency mentioned, which is an organization. In the example, "Lusa." was classified as Org. So "Lusa" here should be Organization.

Wait, but in the example, "Lusa." had a period, but here it's just "Lusa". But the classification would still be Org. So that's straightforward.

Let me go through each again to confirm:

1. Mozambican maritime inspection: Organization (since it's an inspection body, part of the government).
2. 1,100 kilos of crab: Object (the physical item seized).
3. the center of the country: Location (a place within the country).
4. veda season: Other (since it's a regulatory period, not a natural element or facility).
5. authority source: Person (the person providing the information).
6. Lusa: Organization (news agency).

I think that's correct. Let me check if "veda season" could be Nature. But "veda" is a Portuguese term for a fishing ban, so it's a human-made regulation, not a natural phenomenon. So Other makes sense here.
</think>

[["Mozambican maritime inspection", "Org"], ["1,100 kilos of crab", "Obj"], ["the center of the country", "Loc"], ["veda season", "Other"], ["authority source", "Per"], ["Lusa", "Org"]]