<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence in Portuguese where the president of the Municipal Chamber of Ribeira Brava, Ricardo Nascimento, is speaking to Lusa about the police forces investigating the cause of a fire.

The participants to classify are: "O presidente da Câmara Municipal da Ribeira Brava", "Ricardo Nascimento", "à Lusa", and "as forças policiais".

Looking at the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Also, in the example, they used sub-classes like Pl_capital, Pl_civil, etc., but maybe here we just use the main classes unless specified. Wait, the example output had "Pl_capital" under Location, but the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Hmm, maybe the example used more specific sub-classes, but the user's task here might just require the main classes. Wait, looking back at the user's instruction: the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So the example might have used more specific tags, but maybe the user wants the main classes here. Wait, the example output had "Pl_capital" which is not one of the listed classes. Wait, the user's example output included "Pl_capital" as a class, but in the initial task description, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. That's conflicting. Wait, maybe the example was from a different setup. Let me check again.

Wait, the user provided an example where the output included classes like "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil", but the task says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example was using a different set of classes, but the current task is to use the ones listed. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the example might have been from a different version, but in this task, we need to use those classes. So "Pl_capital" is not a valid class here. Therefore, I need to map the entities to the given classes.

So let's go through each participant:

1. "O presidente da Câmara Municipal da Ribeira Brava" – This is a person, specifically the president of a municipal chamber. So class: Person.

2. "Ricardo Nascimento" – This is a person's name. So class: Person.

3. "à Lusa" – Lusa is a news agency, which is an organization. So class: Organization.

4. "as forças policiais" – This translates to "the police forces", which is an organization or a group. Since "forças policiais" refers to the police department, which is an organization. So class: Organization.

Wait, but "forças policiais" might be considered as a collective noun, but in the classes given, Organization is a possible category. So I think that's correct.

So the output would be:

[
["O presidente da Câmara Municipal da Ribeira Brava", "Person"],
["Ricardo Nascimento", "Person"],
["à Lusa", "Organization"],
["as forças policiais", "Organization"]
]

But wait, the example had "Pl_capital" as a class, but according to the user's instruction, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Lisboa" in the example was classified as "Pl_capital", but here, the user's instruction says to use the main classes. However, in the example output, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but the user's task here might not require that. Wait, maybe the user made a mistake in the example, but the current task is to follow the classes as listed. So perhaps "Lisboa" in the example was a mistake, but for this task, I need to use the classes as given.

Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So "Location" is a class, not "Pl_capital". Therefore, in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the current task's classes, it should be "Location". However, the user provided that example, but the current task might require using the classes as listed. So perhaps the example was from a different setup where more specific subclasses were used, but in this case, the user wants the main classes.

Therefore, for the current input:

"O presidente da Câmara Municipal da Ribeira Brava" is a person (Person).

"Ricardo Nascimento" is a person (Person).

"à Lusa" is an organization (Organization).

"as forças policiais" is an organization (Organization).

So the JSON output would be as above.
</think>

[["O presidente da Câmara Municipal da Ribeira Brava", "Person"], ["Ricardo Nascimento", "Person"], ["à Lusa", "Organization"], ["as forças policiais", "Organization"]]