<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence from a legal context, and I need to classify each of the given participants into one of the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, let's look at the input sentence: "The MP considered that the defendant started living with his partner in 2016, first in Braga and then in Amares." The participants to classify are "MP", "defendant", "partner", "Braga", and "Amares".

Starting with "MP". In legal contexts, MP can stand for Member of Parliament, which is a person. So that's likely a Person. But I should check if there's any other possible meaning here. Since the sentence says "The MP considered...", it's referring to an individual, so Person makes sense.

Next, "defendant". That's a legal term referring to someone accused of a crime. Definitely a Person.

"Partner" here is the defendant's partner, so another person. So that's Person as well.

Now the locations: "Braga" and "Amares". Both are names of cities in Portugal. So they should be classified as Location. 

Wait, the classes include Location, which is a category. The example given in the task had "Lisbon" classified as Pl_capital, but in the output, the user might have used "Pl_capital" as a subclass of Location. However, the instructions here don't mention subcategories like Pl_capital. The classes are just Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe in this case, "Braga" and "Amares" are just Locations, not needing further subcategorization. The example might have used more specific tags, but the user's current task says to use the main classes. Wait, looking back at the example output, they used "Pl_capital" for Lisbon, which is a subclass of Location. However, the user's instruction here says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example was using more detailed tags, but the current task expects the main classes. Wait, the example output had entries like "Pl_capital" but the classes listed in the task are just the main categories. There's a discrepancy here. Wait, the original task says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example, they used "Pl_capital" which isn't listed here. Wait, maybe that was a mistake in the example. The user might have intended for the main classes, but the example used more specific tags. However, the current task's instructions say to use the classes as listed. So in this case, "Braga" and "Amares" are Locations. 

Wait, but the example output had "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital", which is a type of Location. However, the user's current task says to use the main classes. So perhaps the example was incorrect, and the correct approach here is to use the main classes. Therefore, "Braga" and "Amares" would be classified as Location.

So the classifications would be:

- MP: Person
- defendant: Person
- partner: Person
- Braga: Location
- Amares: Location

I need to make sure there's no other possible classifications. For example, "partner" could be an Object if it's a role, but in this context, it's a person. "MP" is definitely a person. The locations are clearly places. So the final answer should be each entity with their respective class.
</think>

[["MP", "Per"], ["defendant", "Per"], ["partner", "Per"], ["Braga", "Loc"], ["Amares", "Loc"]]