<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what counts as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input text: "Eles estavam a discutir, por motivos até agora desconhecidos, e no meio disso um dos membros disparou contra o outro, alvejando-o mortalmente", disse o porta-voz da Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM) na província de Maputo, Juarce Martins."

Breaking it down, the main event is a shooting between two members of a group. The participants here would be the individuals involved in the conflict and the entities mentioned in the context.

First, "Eles" (they) refers to a group, but since it's plural and not a specific entity, maybe it's not a participant. However, "um dos membros" (one of the members) and "o outro" (the other) are individuals. But since they are not named, should they be considered? The example given in the task included "Avião" and "o motor" even though they were not specific names. So maybe even pronouns or general terms like "um dos membros" can be considered participants if they are part of the event.

Then there's "o porta-voz da Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM)" which is Juarce Martins. So the police spokesperson is a participant. Also, the Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM) is an organization. The province of Maputo is mentioned, but is that a participant? The definition says entities impacted by the event. Since the police spokesperson is from Maputo province, maybe the province is not a participant but a location. However, the example included "Lisboa" as a participant, so maybe locations are included if they are part of the event context.

So possible participants:

- "um dos membros" (one of the members) – but since it's not a specific name, maybe not. Wait, in the example, "Avião" and "o motor" were included even though they were not specific names. So maybe even general terms like "um dos membros" are considered participants. But the example had "o motor" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So perhaps any entity involved in the event, even if not named specifically.

Wait, but the example output included "o motor" as a participant. So maybe any noun phrase that is part of the event, even if it's not a specific entity. So in this case, "um dos membros" and "o outro" would be participants. But since they are not named, maybe they are considered as "membros" (members) of a group. However, the text doesn't specify the group they belong to. The example had "a aeronave" (the aircraft) as a participant. So maybe any noun that is part of the event is considered a participant.

Additionally, "o porta-voz da Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM)" is Juarce Martins, so the police spokesperson is a participant, and the PRM is an organization. The province of Maputo is mentioned as the location where the spokesperson is from, but is that a participant? The example included "Lisboa" as a participant, so maybe locations are included if they are part of the event's context.

So compiling the list:

1. "Eles" – but this is plural and not specific. Maybe not a participant.
2. "um dos membros" – participant.
3. "o outro" – participant.
4. "o porta-voz da Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM)" – participant (Juarce Martins).
5. "Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM)" – organization.
6. "Maputo" – location, but in the example, "Lisboa" was included. So maybe "Maputo" is a participant.
7. "Juarce Martins" – the spokesperson's name.

Wait, in the example, "Lisboa" was included as a participant. So in this case, "Maputo" is a location, so it's a participant. Also, the police spokesperson is a person, so "Juarce Martins" is a participant. The organization "Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM)" is also a participant.

But the text says "o porta-voz da Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM) na província de Maputo, Juarce Martins." So "Juarce Martins" is the spokesperson's name. So "Juarce Martins" is a participant. The police department is another participant. The province of Maputo is a location, so included as a participant. The two members involved in the shooting are participants as well.

So the list would be:

- "um dos membros" (confidence maybe 0.7)
- "o outro" (confidence 0.7)
- "o porta-voz da Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM)" (confidence 0.9)
- "Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM)" (confidence 0.9)
- "Maputo" (confidence 0.8)
- "Juarce Martins" (confidence 0.9)

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was included as a participant. So "Maputo" is a location, so it's a participant. Also, the police spokesperson is a person, so "Juarce Martins" is a participant. The organization is also a participant. The two members are participants.

But in the example, "aeroporto" was included as a participant. So in this case, "Maputo" is a location, so included. Also, the members involved in the shooting are participants.

So the final list would be:

["um dos membros", 0.7], ["o outro", 0.7], ["o porta-voz da Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM)", 0.9], ["Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM)", 0.9], ["Maputo", 0.8], ["Juarce Martins", 0.9]

But wait, the example included "Lisboa" as a participant. In the input, "Lisboa" was mentioned as the airport. So in this case, "Maputo" is a province, so it's a participant. Also, the police spokesperson is a person, so "Juarce Martins" is a participant. The organization is also a participant.

But the text says "o porta-voz da Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM) na província de Maputo, Juarce Martins." So "Juarce Martins" is the name of the spokesperson. So "Juarce Martins" is a participant. The police department is another participant. The province of Maputo is a location, so included. The two members involved in the shooting are participants.

So the JSON array would be:

[
  ["um dos membros", 0.7],
  ["o outro", 0.7],
  ["o porta-voz da Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM)", 0.9],
  ["Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM)", 0.9],
  ["Maputo", 0.8],
  ["Juarce Martins", 0.9]
]

But I need to check if "Maputo" is considered a participant. Since the example included "Lisboa" as a participant, even though it's a location, I think "Maputo" should be included. Also, the police spokesperson is from Maputo province, so the province is part of the context. So yes, "Maputo" is a participant.

Another thing: the example included "a aeronave" and "o avião" as participants. So in this case, the members are participants even if not named. So "um dos membros" and "o outro" are participants. The confidence for those might be lower since they are not specific names, but the example included similar terms with confidence scores. The example had "o motor" with confidence 0.85, but in the output, "o motor" was included with 0.85. So maybe similar confidence for "um dos membros" and "o outro" as 0.7 or 0.8.

Also, the police spokesperson is a person, so "Juarce Martins" is a participant. The organization is another participant. The province is a location, so included. The members are participants. So the final list should include all these.
</think>

[["um dos membros", 0.7], ["o outro", 0.7], ["o porta-voz da Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM)", 0.9], ["Polícia da República de Moçambique (PRM)", 0.9], ["Maputo", 0.8], ["Juarce Martins", 0.9]]