<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Tratam-se de agentes da PRM afetos ao Departamento de Proteção dos Recursos Naturais e Meio Ambiente, no distrito de Magude, na província de Maputo."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "agentes da PRM" – These are the agents (individuals or groups) working for PRM. PRM is likely an organization, maybe a government department. The term "agentes" refers to people, so they are participants.

2. "Departamento de Proteção dos Recursos Naturais e Meio Ambiente" – This is a department, so an organization. It's mentioned as where the agents are affiliated, making it a participant.

3. "distrito de Magude" – A district, which is a geographical entity. Since the agents are in this district, it's part of the context, but is it a participant? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The district might be the location, but unless there's an action involving it, maybe not. However, the example included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants even if they were locations. So perhaps locations are considered participants if they're part of the event's context.

4. "província de Maputo" – Similarly, a province. Again, if the event is happening here, it's part of the context. The example included "Lisboa" multiple times, so maybe locations are included even if they're just places mentioned.

Now, checking the example output. In the example, they included "aeroporto", "Lisboa", "os aeroportos", etc. So even if it's a location, it's considered a participant. So I should include "distrito de Magude" and "província de Maputo" as participants.

Also, "PRM" is mentioned as the organization the agents belong to. So "PRM" should be included as an entity. The full name might be "Departamento de Proteção dos Recursos Naturais e Meio Ambiente" but in the input, it's referred to as "Departamento..." so that's the full name. However, the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a participant, so the full name is used.

Wait, in the input, the agents are "da PRM" (of PRM), so PRM is the organization. But the full name of PRM might be something else, but since the text doesn't provide it, we can only use what's given. So "PRM" is an entity here.

So the participants would be:

- "agentes da PRM" – the agents themselves, as individuals or groups.
- "PRM" – the organization they belong to.
- "Departamento de Proteção dos Recursos Naturais e Meio Ambiente" – the department they are affiliated with.
- "distrito de Magude" – the district where they are based.
- "província de Maputo" – the province.

Now, confidence scores. For "agentes da PRM", since they are explicitly mentioned as the subject, confidence is high, maybe 0.95. "PRM" is mentioned as their organization, so 0.9. The department is directly named, 0.95. The district and province are locations, but included as per the example, so maybe 0.8 each. However, the example had "Lisboa" with 1.0 in some cases. Wait, looking back at the example output, "Lisboa" was included multiple times with varying confidence. For instance, "Lisboa" was in the output with 1.0, but others like "os aeroportos" had 0.8. So maybe for locations, if they are proper nouns, they get higher confidence.

In this case, "distrito de Magude" and "província de Maputo" are proper nouns, so confidence could be 0.9 each. However, since the example included "aeroporto" (a general term) with 0.8, but "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" with 1.0. So maybe specific names get higher confidence. Since "distrito de Magude" and "província de Maputo" are specific names, they should have higher confidence.

So compiling the list:

["agentes da PRM", 0.95], ["PRM", 0.9], ["Departamento de Proteção dos Recursos Naturais e Meio Ambiente", 0.95], ["distrito de Magude", 0.9], ["província de Maputo", 0.9]

Wait, but the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In this case, the text doesn't mention any sources, so maybe not. Also, the example had "à agência Lusa" as a participant. In our case, there's no such mention, so we don't include that.

Another thing: the example included "o motor" and "um motor" as participants. Even though they are parts of the plane, they were considered participants. So in this case, "agentes da PRM" are the main participants, and the organizations and locations are also included.

I think that's all. Let me check again for any other entities. The sentence is about agents of PRM affiliated with a department in a district in a province. No other entities are mentioned. So the list should be as above.
</think>

[["agentes da PRM", 0.95], ["PRM", 0.9], ["Departamento de Proteção dos Recursos Naturais e Meio Ambiente", 0.95], ["distrito de Magude", 0.9], ["província de Maputo", 0.9]]