<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input sentence: "De acordo com Juarce Martins, foram abertos dois processos contra o agente, sendo um disciplinar e outro criminal."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. Juarce Martins: This is a person's name, so definitely a participant. The confidence here is high since it's explicitly mentioned.
2. o agente: The agent is a person, likely involved in the processes. The article "o" is definite, so it's a specific agent. Confidence is high.
3. processos: The processes themselves might be considered entities, but they are abstract and not participants in the traditional sense. However, the definition includes entities involved, so maybe. But the example given in the task included things like "o motor" and "a aeronave," which are objects. However, "processos" here are legal processes, not physical entities. Hmm, maybe not. The example included "processos" in the output? Wait, looking back at the example input and output, the example output included entities like "o motor" and "a aeronave," which are objects. But in the given example, "processos" wasn't listed. Wait, the example input was about an emergency landing, and the output included entities like "Avião," "o motor," etc. So maybe in this case, "processos" are not participants but rather actions. But the user's definition says participants can be entities involved. However, "processos" here are legal processes, not people or organizations. Maybe they are not participants. Let me check the example again. The example output included "o motor" as a participant. So maybe even objects involved are considered participants. But in this case, "processos" are legal actions, not physical entities. So perhaps they are not participants. Alternatively, maybe "processos" are considered as entities, but the example didn't include them. Hmm, this is a bit ambiguous. Let me think again. The user's example included "o motor" and "a aeronave," which are physical objects. The current input's "processos" are legal processes, which are not physical. So maybe they are not considered participants here. So I should focus on the people and organizations mentioned.

Other entities: "Juarce Martins" is a person, "o agente" is a person. The processes are against the agent, so the agent is the participant. The legal processes are actions taken against the agent, but the processes themselves are not participants. The user's example included "processos" in the output? Wait, in the example input, the output didn't have "processos," but the example input had "a falha no motor," which included "o motor" as a participant. So maybe in this case, the processes are not participants. Therefore, the participants are Juarce Martins and o agente.

Wait, but the example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte," which are references to a source. So maybe even if the entity is a role like "fonte," it's included. In the current input, "De acordo com Juarce Martins" – "Juarce Martins" is a person, so that's a participant. "o agente" is a person, so that's another participant. Are there any organizations or groups mentioned? The example included "companhia aérea Jota Aviation" and "a ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal," which are organizations. In this input, there's no mention of organizations, just individuals. So the participants would be Juarce Martins and o agente.

Wait, but the example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In the current input, the phrase is "De acordo com Juarce Martins," so "Juarce Martins" is the source here. So "Juarce Martins" is a participant. Then, "o agente" is the person against whom the processes were opened. So those are the two participants. The processes are actions, not participants. Therefore, the output should be:

["Juarce Martins", 0.95], ["o agente", 0.9]

Confidence scores: Juarce Martins is explicitly mentioned, so high confidence. "o agente" is also explicitly mentioned, so high confidence. The other entities like "processos" are not participants. So the final answer should be those two.
</think>

[["Juarce Martins", 0.95], ["o agente", 0.9]]