<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even repeated mentions are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is in Portuguese: "O gabinete dos procuradores no estado de Sonora (norte) disseram que os rapazes tinham 3,7 e 8 anos." Translating that, it says the prosecutors' office in the state of Sonora (north) said that the boys were 3, 7, and 8 years old.

Now, identifying participants. The main entities here are:

1. "O gabinete dos procuradores" – the prosecutors' office. This is an organization, so definitely a participant.
2. "no estado de Sonora (norte)" – the state of Sonora in the north. That's a location, which might be considered a participant if it's an entity involved. But wait, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The state itself might not be an active participant here, but maybe the location is part of the context. However, in the example, locations like "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" were included. So maybe locations are considered participants here.
3. "os rapazes" – the boys. They are individuals, so they are participants. The ages are attributes, not entities, so they shouldn't be included.

Looking at the example output, they included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants. So even if it's a location, it's included. So "Sonora (norte)" would be a participant here. Also, "estado de Sonora (norte)" is a location, so that's a participant.

But wait, in the input, the phrase is "no estado de Sonora (norte)". The "no" here is "in the", so the state of Sonora in the north. So the entity is "estado de Sonora (norte)".

Also, "os rapazes" are the boys, which are participants. The ages are numbers, not entities. The prosecutors' office is a participant. The verb "disseram" (said) is from the prosecutors' office, so that's the subject.

Now, checking for duplicates. The example had multiple mentions of the same entity, like "Avião" and "Um avião" as separate entries. In this case, "O gabinete dos procuradores" and "os rapazes" are mentioned once each. The location "estado de Sonora (norte)" is mentioned once. So the list would be:

- "O gabinete dos procuradores"
- "estado de Sonora (norte)"
- "os rapazes"

But wait, in the example, even if the same entity is mentioned in different forms, like "Avião", "o motor", "Um avião", etc., they are all listed. So here, "O gabinete dos procuradores" and "os rapazes" are the main entities. The location is also included as a participant.

Now, confidence scores. For "O gabinete dos procuradores", that's a clear participant, so maybe 0.95. "estado de Sonora (norte)" is a location, but the example included locations, so 0.8. "os rapazes" are the individuals involved, so 0.9. 

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was included multiple times. So even if the same location is mentioned in different contexts, each occurrence is listed. In this case, the location is mentioned once as "no estado de Sonora (norte)", so that's one entry.

So the final list would be:

[
  ["O gabinete dos procuradores", 0.95],
  ["estado de Sonora (norte)", 0.8],
  ["os rapazes", 0.9]
]

I need to make sure there are no other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations or individuals. The ages are just numbers, not entities. The verb "disseram" is part of the action, but the subject is the prosecutors' office. So that's all.
</think>

[["O gabinete dos procuradores", 0.95], ["estado de Sonora (norte)", 0.8], ["os rapazes", 0.9]]