<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, places, organizations, etc., mentioned or implied in the context.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "O suspeito fugiu para Sonora, mas foi imediatamente detido e enviado para Hidalgo, onde ocorreram as mortes, para ser acusado."

Breaking this down, the main entities here are:

1. "O suspeito" – the suspect, who is clearly a participant as they are the subject of the sentence.
2. "Sonora" – a place where the suspect fled to. Since places can be participants if they are involved in the event, this should be included.
3. "Hidalgo" – another place where the suspect was sent. Again, a location involved in the event.
4. "as mortes" – the deaths that occurred in Hidalgo. This is an event, but the question is whether it's a participant. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. Since the deaths are part of the event, maybe they are considered, but I need to check the example. In the example, "o motor" was included, which is an object. However, "as mortes" is an event, not an entity. Wait, the example included "a aeronave" (the aircraft) and "o motor" (the engine), which are objects. So maybe events like "as mortes" are not participants but the locations where they occurred are. So perhaps "Hidalgo" is the participant here, not the deaths themselves.

Looking at the example output again, they included "a aeronave" and "um motor" as participants. So objects and entities involved in the action. The deaths might be an event, but the participants would be the places where the event happened. So "Hidalgo" is a participant because it's where the deaths occurred, and the suspect was sent there. 

Also, "para ser acusado" – the purpose of being sent to Hidalgo is to be accused. The legal process might involve entities like the judicial system, but the text doesn't mention any specific organization or person. So maybe that's not a participant here.

So the participants would be:

- "O suspeito" (the suspect)
- "Sonora" (the place he fled to)
- "Hidalgo" (the place where he was sent and where the deaths occurred)
- "as mortes" – but wait, the example didn't include events, only entities. The example had "o motor" (the engine) as a participant. So "as mortes" might not be a participant, but the locations where they occurred are. So maybe "Hidalgo" is the participant here, not the deaths themselves.

Wait, the example included "a aeronave" (the aircraft) and "o motor" (the engine), which are objects. So in the current input, the suspect is a participant, Sonora and Hidalgo are places involved. The deaths are an event, but not an entity. So I should not include "as mortes" as a participant. 

So the list would be:

["O suspeito", "Sonora", "Hidalgo"]

Now, checking for any other entities. The text says "foi imediatamente detido e enviado para Hidalgo, onde ocorreram as mortes, para ser acusado." The "para ser acusado" might imply a legal authority, but the text doesn't mention any specific entity like a police department or court. So no need to include that.

Confidence scores: 

- "O suspeito" is definitely a participant, so high confidence, maybe 0.95.
- "Sonora" and "Hidalgo" are places, so confidence around 0.85 each. 

Wait, but in the example, they included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if the same place is mentioned in different contexts, they list it each time. So here, "Sonora" and "Hidalgo" are each mentioned once, so each gets their own entry. 

So the final output would be:

[["O suspeito", 0.95], ["Sonora", 0.85], ["Hidalgo", 0.85]]
</think>

[["O suspeito", 0.95], ["Sonora", 0.85], ["Hidalgo", 0.85]]