<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Os procuradores acrescentaram que o homem discutiu com a mãe das crianças e matou os filhos 'de modo a causar-lhe uma grande dor'." 

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the people involved in the event. The procuradores (prosecutors) are mentioned as the ones adding information. Then there's "o homem" (the man), "a mãe das crianças" (the mother of the children), and "os filhos" (the children). The phrase "de modo a causar-lhe uma grande dor" indicates the man's motive, but the participants are the individuals involved in the actions.

I need to check if all these entities are correctly identified. "Os procuradores" are definitely participants as they are reporting the information. "O homem" is the one who had the discussion and committed the act. "A mãe das crianças" is involved in the discussion. "Os filhos" are the victims here. 

Wait, the example output included repeated entities like "o motor" multiple times. So even if the same entity is mentioned again, it's listed each time. So in this case, "os filhos" is mentioned once, but "a mãe das crianças" is also mentioned once. 

I should make sure not to miss any. Let me list them again:

- Os procuradores
- o homem
- a mãe das crianças
- os filhos

Are there any other entities? The text doesn't mention any organizations or places. The participants are the people involved. The confidence scores need to be between 0 and 1. For "Os procuradores," I'm pretty confident, maybe 0.95. "O homem" is directly mentioned, so 0.95. "A mãe das crianças" is also directly mentioned, 0.9. "Os filhos" are the victims, so 0.9. 

Wait, the example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So even if it's the same entity mentioned again, it's listed again. But in this case, the entities are unique. So the final list should be each of these four with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Os procuradores", 0.95], ["o homem", 0.95], ["a mãe das crianças", 0.9], ["os filhos", 0.9]]