<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to parse the input sentence carefully. The input is: "Aparentemente, numa vingança contra a mulher, matou os filhos", de acordo com uma declaração publicada pelo gabinete."

Breaking it down, the main event here is someone killing their children as an act of revenge against the woman. The participants would be the individuals involved in this action.

Looking at the sentence structure, the subject is "matou os filhos" (killed the children). The agent here is implied to be the husband or someone else, but the text doesn't explicitly name them. However, the phrase "numa vingança contra a mulher" (in revenge against the woman) suggests that the woman is a participant as the target of the revenge. The children are the victims. 

The phrase "de acordo com uma declaração publicada pelo gabinete" (according to a statement published by the office) introduces another participant: the office (gabinete). But the term "gabinete" is a bit vague; it could refer to a government office, a cabinet, or a specific office, but without more context, it's safer to include it as a participant.

Now, checking for entities:

- "a mulher" (the woman) is a participant as the target of revenge.
- "os filhos" (the children) are the victims.
- "gabinete" (the office) is mentioned as the source of the statement.

Wait, the original sentence says "de acordo com uma declaração publicada pelo gabinete." So the office is the one that published the statement. But the main event is the killing, so the participants in the event are the woman (target), the children (victims), and the person who committed the act. However, the person isn't named. The text doesn't mention the killer's name, only that it's a revenge against the woman. So the killer is an implied participant but not explicitly named. But according to the definition, participants can be inferred from context. However, the example given in the task includes entities even if they are not explicitly named, but in this case, the killer isn't named. Hmm, this is tricky.

Wait, in the example provided, the input had "Avião" and "o motor" as participants. So even if the entity is a noun, even if it's not a person, it's included. So in this case, the participants would be the woman, the children, and the office (gabinete). The killer isn't explicitly mentioned, so maybe they aren't included unless inferred. But the example includes "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) as participants. So perhaps any entity that is mentioned, even if it's a role like "fonte" (source) is included. 

In the given input, the main participants are:

- "a mulher" (the woman)
- "os filhos" (the children)
- "gabinete" (the office)

But wait, the example output includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. So even if the entity is a role or a reference, it's included. So in this case, "gabinete" is a participant as the source of the statement. 

So the extracted entities would be:

- "a mulher"
- "os filhos"
- "gabinete"

But the example also includes repeated mentions, like "Um avião", "o motor", etc. However, in the input here, "a mulher" and "os filhos" are mentioned once each, and "gabinete" once. 

Wait, the input is: "Aparentemente, numa vingança contra a mulher, matou os filhos", de acordo com uma declaração publicada pelo gabinete."

So "a mulher" is mentioned once, "os filhos" once, and "gabinete" once. 

But the example output includes entities even if they are the same, like "Avião" and "Um avião" as separate entries. So in this case, even if "a mulher" is mentioned once, it's included once. Similarly for the others. 

So the final list would be:

["a mulher", "os filhos", "gabinete"]

But the example also includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In this case, the "gabinete" is the source, so it's included. 

Now, confidence scores. For "a mulher" and "os filhos", they are directly involved in the event, so high confidence (maybe 0.9 or 1.0). "gabinete" is mentioned as the source of the statement, so it's a participant in the sense that they provided the information. Confidence might be lower, maybe 0.8. 

But the example includes entities like "o motor" with confidence 1.0. So perhaps all entities mentioned are included with high confidence. However, the user's example output includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" with confidence 1.0 as well. 

So in this case, the three entities would be:

["a mulher", 1.0], ["os filhos", 1.0], ["gabinete", 1.0]

Wait, but the user's example includes "fonte" as a participant. In the input, "fonte" is mentioned as "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte". So in the output, they are included. 

In the current input, the only entity mentioned as a participant is "gabinete" (the office). The woman and the children are the participants in the event, but the text doesn't explicitly name the killer. However, the definition says participants can be inferred. But since the killer isn't named, maybe they aren't included. 

But the example includes "a aeronave" and "o avião" as participants. So even if the entity is a thing (like an airplane), it's included. So in this case, the woman and the children are participants. The office is also a participant as the source. 

Therefore, the final answer would be the three entities with confidence 1.0 each.
</think>

[["a mulher", 1.0], ["os filhos", 1.0], ["gabinete", 1.0]]