<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" or "a stopped engine" are considered, though I need to check if that's accurate.

Looking at the input sentence: "He also considered it proven that, around 6:00 am, when the woman was getting ready to go to work, 'he approached her, grabbed her and held her arms, forcibly removed her clothes and had sexual intercourse with her'."

First, identify the main entities. The woman is clearly a participant as the victim. The "he" mentioned is the perpetrator. The time "6:00 am" might be a time reference, not a participant. The phrase "he approached her" – "he" is the same as the perpetrator, so maybe just "he" once. The actions like "grabbed her" and "held her arms" are actions, not entities. "Forcibly removed her clothes" – the clothes are an object, but not a participant. "Had sexual intercourse with her" – again, the same perpetrator.

Wait, the example included "the same source" as a participant, which was a group. In this case, "he" is a person, and "the woman" is another. Are there any organizations or groups mentioned? The example had "Public Security Police" and "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", but here there's no such entities. The time and location might not be participants unless they are entities. The example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants, but in this case, the location isn't specified beyond the time. 

So, the participants here are "he" (the perpetrator) and "the woman" (the victim). The example output included "source" and "the same source" as participants, but in this case, there's no mention of a source. The quotes are from the perpetrator's actions, so "he" is the main actor. 

Wait, the example output had "source" as a participant, which was a group. In the input, the source is "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source". But in the current input, there's no such mention. So maybe in this case, only "he" and "the woman" are participants. 

But the example included "the airports" as a participant. However, in this case, the airports aren't mentioned. The time is "6:00 am", which is a time, not a participant. The actions are verbs, not entities. 

So the final list should be ["he", "the woman"], with confidence scores. Let me check the example again. The example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. Wait, that seems odd. Maybe in the context of the event, the engine failure was a factor. But in this case, the event is a sexual assault, so the participants are the individuals involved. 

Therefore, the correct participants are "he" and "the woman". The confidence for "he" might be high since he's the perpetrator, and "the woman" as the victim. The example included "the same source" as a participant, but in this case, there's no source. So the answer should be those two entities with confidence scores.
</think>

[["he", 0.95], ["the woman", 0.9]]