<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "We are working to locate his accomplice," said the police spokesperson." The participants to classify are "the police spokesperson." and "his accomplice".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had some specific classifications like "Pl_capital" for locations like Lisbon, but maybe in this case, the classes are more general. Wait, looking back at the example output, they used classes like "Fac" for facilities, "Pl_capital" for capitals, "Pl_civil" for cities, "Pl_country" for countries, "Org" for organizations, "Per" for persons, and "Loc" for locations. But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Hmm, maybe the example used more specific subcategories, but the actual classes here are the broader ones. Wait, the user provided the example output with classes like "Pl_capital" but the initial instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. There's a discrepancy here. Wait, looking back at the task description:

The user says:

Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other

But in the example output, they used "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", etc. But maybe that's a mistake. Wait, the example output might be using more specific subcategories, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Wait, the user says:

"Classify each of the participants listed under "Participants to classify", according to how it is used in the input.

Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the main classes are those seven. However, in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" which seems like a subcategory of Location. But maybe that's a mistake, or perhaps the user intended to have more specific classes. However, the user's instruction here says to use the seven main classes. Wait, looking at the example output provided by the user:

In the example, "Lisbon" is classified as "Pl_capital", which is not one of the seven main classes. But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So this is conflicting. Maybe the example is incorrect, or perhaps the user made a mistake in the example. However, the user is now providing a new input and participants to classify, and expects the answer to follow the same classes as the initial instruction, not the example's subcategories.

Wait, the user says in the task:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the correct classes are those seven. The example output might have used more specific subcategories, but that's possibly an error. Therefore, for the current task, I should use the seven main classes.

So, for the current input:

Participants to classify are "the police spokesperson." and "his accomplice".

First, "the police spokesperson." – this refers to a person, specifically someone who speaks on behalf of the police. So that's a Person.

"his accomplice" – an accomplice is a person who helps in a crime, so that's also a Person.

Therefore, both should be classified as Person.

Wait, but the example had "source" classified as "Per" (Person), and "the same source" as "Per". So in this case, "the police spokesperson" is a person, so "Person" class.

So the output should be:

[["the police spokesperson.", "Person"], ["his accomplice", "Person"]]

But I need to make sure there's no other possible classification. For example, "accomplice" could be considered as a role, but the entity here is "his accomplice", which refers to a person. So Person is correct.
</think>

<Output>[["the police spokesperson.", "Person"], ["his accomplice", "Person"]]</Output>