<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about tourism and ending quarantine for people arriving in a country with a negative test. The participants to classify are "tourism", "the country", and "negative test".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Wait, the example output used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" which might be specific to the system, but the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Wait, no, looking back, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example, they used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" which might be subcategories under Location or something else. Wait, the example output had entries like "Lisbon" classified as "Pl_capital" and "Farnborough" as "Pl_civil", but the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Hmm, that's conflicting. Wait, maybe the example was using a different classification system. But the user's current task says to use the classes as listed: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So I should follow that, not the example's subcategories. Wait, but the example output included "Pl_capital" which isn't in the list. That's confusing. Wait, maybe the example was using a different version. Let me check the user's instruction again.

The user says: "Classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other". So the example might have been using a different system, but the current task should follow these classes. So I need to use these seven classes.

Now, let's process each participant:

1. "tourism" – This is a concept related to the industry or activity. It's not a person, organization, object, location, nature, or facility. So it might fall under "Other" or "Object"? Wait, "tourism" as a noun could be considered an activity or concept, which might be "Other". But maybe "Object" if it's considered a thing. However, "tourism" is more abstract. So "Other" seems appropriate.

2. "the country" – This refers to a location. So "Location".

3. "negative test" – A test result, which is an object. So "Object".

Wait, but "negative test" could be an object (like a medical test result) or maybe a concept. But in the context of the sentence, it's a test that's negative, so the test itself is an object. So "Object".

So the classifications would be:

["tourism", "Other"], ["the country", "Location"], ["negative test", "Object"]

But I need to check if "tourism" can be classified under "Other" or if there's a better fit. Since "tourism" isn't a person, organization, location, etc., "Other" is the right choice. "the country" is clearly a location. "negative test" is an object (the test itself is an object, even though it's a result, but the noun here is "test").
</think>

[["tourism", "Other"], ["the country", "Location"], ["negative test", "Object"]]