<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. First, I need to understand what qualifies as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the example provided, the output includes entities like "Avião", "o motor", "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", etc., each with a confidence score. The key is to identify all such entities in the new input.

The input text is: "Um homem com cerca de 50 anos morreu hoje em Milhazes, no concelho de Barcelos, atingido por uma árvore de grande porte, disse fonte do Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro de Braga."

Breaking this down, the main event is a man dying after being hit by a tree. The participants here would be:

1. "Um homem" – the victim. Even though it's a pronoun, it's the main subject.
2. "uma árvore de grande porte" – the tree that caused the incident.
3. "Milhazes" – the location where the incident occurred.
4. "Barcelos" – the municipality, part of the location.
5. "fonte do Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro de Braga" – the source of the information, which is an organization.
6. "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro de Braga" – the full name of the organization mentioned.

Wait, the example output includes both "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entities. In this case, "fonte" is mentioned once, so maybe "fonte" and "Comando Distrital..." are separate. Let me check the example again. In the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" are both listed. Here, the text says "disse fonte do Comando Distrital..." So "fonte" is the entity, and "Comando Distrital..." is the organization. Should they be separate? Yes, because "fonte" is the role, and the organization is the actual entity. But in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" are both included. However, in this case, "fonte" is mentioned once, so maybe just "fonte" and the organization. Also, "Milhazes" and "Barcelos" are locations, so they should be included. The man's age is mentioned, but "50 anos" is a descriptor, not an entity. The tree is an object involved, so that's a participant. The confidence scores: for the man, I'm pretty confident (0.9), the tree (0.8), locations (0.9), the source (0.8), and the organization (0.9). I need to make sure not to include any other entities. Let me list them all again:

- "Um homem" (0.9)
- "uma árvore de grande porte" (0.8)
- "Milhazes" (0.9)
- "Barcelos" (0.9)
- "fonte" (0.8)
- "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro de Braga" (0.9)

Wait, the example includes "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as an entity. In this case, "em Milhazes, no concelho de Barcelos" – so "Milhazes" and "Barcelos" are both locations. Also, "concelho de Barcelos" might be considered as part of the location, but the example includes "no concelho de Barcelos" as a separate entity? Wait, in the example, "os aeroportos" and "Farnborough" are included. So maybe "concelho de Barcelos" is not an entity, but "Barcelos" is. The example includes "Lisboa" multiple times, so maybe just the names. So here, "Milhazes" and "Barcelos" are separate. Also, "fonte" is mentioned once, and the organization is the full name. So the list would be as above. Let me check for any other possible entities. The text mentions "disse fonte do Comando Distrital...", so "fonte" is the entity, and the organization is another. That's correct. So the final list should include those entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Um homem", 0.9], ["uma árvore de grande porte", 0.8], ["Milhazes", 0.9], ["Barcelos", 0.9], ["fonte", 0.8], ["Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro de Braga", 0.9]]