<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "“Segundo as primeiras informações, o homem estaria a cortar a árvore e terá sido atingido pela mesma”, referiu." 

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "o homem" (the man) and "a árvore" (the tree). The sentence mentions the man cutting the tree and being hit by it. The word "pela mesma" refers back to the tree, so "a árvore" is the same as "a mesma". 

I should check if there are any other entities. The phrase "Segundo as primeiras informações" is a general statement, not a specific entity. "referiu" is a verb, so no entity there. 

Now, considering the example output, even if the same entity is mentioned multiple times, each instance is listed. Here, "o homem" and "a árvore" are each mentioned once, but "a mesma" refers to "a árvore", so maybe "a mesma" should be considered as a reference to the tree. However, the example in the task included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries, so perhaps each mention is treated individually regardless of reference.

So, the entities would be "o homem", "a árvore", and "a mesma" (which is a pronoun referring to the tree). But the user's example didn't include pronouns unless they were explicitly mentioned. Wait, in the example given, "a mesma" was included as "a mesma" with confidence. Wait, looking back at the example input and output:

In the example input, the output included "a aeronave", "um motor", etc. So even if a pronoun is used, like "a mesma", it's included as a separate entity. However, in the example, "a mesma" was part of the input, so maybe in this case, "a mesma" is included as an entity. But in the current input, "pela mesma" refers to the tree, so "a mesma" is a pronoun pointing to "a árvore". However, the instruction says to extract entities that are actively involved or impacted. The tree is the entity here, and "a mesma" is just a pronoun. But in the example, they included "a mesma" as an entity. Wait, looking at the example output:

In the example input, the output included "a aeronave", "a mesma fonte", etc. So "a mesma" was included as an entity. So maybe even pronouns are considered as entities if they refer to something. But in this case, "a mesma" is a pronoun referring to "a árvore". However, in the example, "a mesma" was included as a separate entity. So perhaps in this case, "a mesma" is an entity. But the user's instruction says participants are entities that are involved or impacted. The tree is the entity being referred to, but "a mesma" is just a pronoun. However, the example included "a mesma" as an entity. So maybe I should include "a mesma" here as well.

Wait, the example input had "a mesma fonte" which was included as an entity. So in the current input, "a mesma" is a pronoun referring to the tree. But the user's example included "a mesma" as an entity. So perhaps even if it's a pronoun, it's considered an entity. However, the user's instruction says participants are entities that are actively involved or impacted. The tree is the entity being involved, but "a mesma" is just a reference. However, in the example, they included "a mesma" as an entity. So maybe in this case, I should include "a mesma" as an entity. But I need to check if that's correct.

Alternatively, maybe "a mesma" is not an entity but a pronoun, so it's not an entity. The example might have included "a mesma" as part of the text, but in reality, the actual entity is "a árvore". However, the example output included "a mesma" as an entity. So perhaps the user wants all noun phrases, even if they are pronouns. Therefore, in this case, "a mesma" would be an entity. But I'm not sure. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "a aeronave", "a mesma fonte", etc. So "a mesma fonte" is a noun phrase where "a mesma" is a determiner. But in the current input, "a mesma" is a pronoun referring to the tree. However, the user's example included "a mesma" as an entity. So perhaps in this case, "a mesma" is included as an entity. But the user's instruction says participants are entities that are actively involved or impacted. The tree is the entity, but "a mesma" is just a pronoun. However, the example included "a mesma" as an entity. Therefore, I should follow that and include "a mesma" as an entity here.

So the entities would be "o homem", "a árvore", "a mesma". Each with their confidence. The confidence scores would be high for "o homem" and "a árvore" since they are clearly mentioned. "a mesma" is a pronoun, but since the example included it, I'll include it with a lower confidence, maybe 0.7 or 0.6.

Wait, but in the example, "a mesma fonte" was included as an entity. So in that case, "a mesma" is part of the noun phrase. In the current input, "a mesma" is a pronoun, but it's part of the phrase "pela mesma", which refers to the tree. However, the user's example included "a mesma" as an entity. Therefore, I think I should include "a mesma" here as well. So the entities would be:

- "o homem" (confidence 0.9)
- "a árvore" (confidence 0.9)
- "a mesma" (confidence 0.7)

But wait, the user's example included "a aeronave", "a mesma fonte", etc. So in the current input, "a mesma" is a pronoun, but it's part of the text. However, the user's instruction says to extract entities that are actively involved or impacted. The tree is the entity, but "a mesma" is a pronoun. However, the example included "a mesma" as an entity. Therefore, I think I should follow that and include "a mesma" as an entity here. So the final list would be:

["o homem", 0.9], ["a árvore", 0.9], ["a mesma", 0.7]

But I need to check if "a mesma" is considered an entity here. Alternatively, maybe "a mesma" is not an entity but just a pronoun. However, the example included "a mesma" as an entity. Therefore, I'll proceed with that.
</think>

[["o homem", 0.9], ["a árvore", 0.9], ["a mesma", 0.7]]