<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the correct category with a confidence score. The categories are Per, Org, Obj, Nat, Fac, Veh, Path, Pl_water, Pl_celestial, Pl_mountain, Pl_civil, Pl_country, Pl_mount_range, Pl_capital, Pl_region, Pl_state, Loc, and Other. 

First, let's look at the input sentence: "Segundo as primeiras informações, o homem estaria a cortar a árvore e terá sido atingido pela mesma", referiu." The participants to classify are ["o homem", "a árvore", "a mesma"].

Starting with "o homem". The term "homem" translates to "man" or "man" in English. According to the definitions, Per is for human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. Since "o homem" is a human individual, this should be classified as Per. Confidence is high here, maybe 0.95.

Next, "a árvore". "Árvore" means "tree". The Nat category includes animals, plants, and other natural entities. Trees are plants, so this should be Nat. Confidence is also high, around 0.95.

Then, "a mesma". This is a pronoun referring back to "a árvore" mentioned earlier. Pronouns can be tricky. The original entity is "a árvore", which is Nat. However, "a mesma" is a pronoun, which might fall under Other if it's not a specific entity. But the instruction says to classify based on how it's used in the input. Since "a mesma" is a pronoun referring to the tree, which is a natural entity, but pronouns themselves aren't entities. However, the example given in the task includes "a mesma fonte" classified as Per, which is a pronoun referring to a person. Wait, in the example, "fonte" was classified as Per, and "a mesma fonte" as Per as well. So maybe pronouns that refer back to a Per entity are also classified as Per. But in this case, "a mesma" refers to "a árvore", which is Nat. However, the pronoun itself isn't an entity, but the example might indicate that pronouns are classified based on their antecedent. Wait, looking back at the example provided in the task:

In the example input, "fonte" was classified as Per, and "a mesma fonte" as Per. So even though "a mesma" is a pronoun, it's classified as Per because it refers to a Per entity. Similarly, here, "a mesma" refers to "a árvore", which is Nat. Therefore, "a mesma" should be classified as Nat. But wait, the example might have different rules. Let me check the definitions again. The definition says participants are entities that are actively involved or impacted. Pronouns like "a mesma" are referring to an existing entity. However, the task says to classify based on how it's used in the input. If the pronoun is replacing an entity, then it should take the same class as the antecedent. So "a mesma" refers to "a árvore", which is Nat, so "a mesma" should be Nat. But I need to be careful here. Alternatively, maybe "a mesma" is considered as Other because it's a pronoun and not a specific entity. However, the example shows that pronouns can be classified as Per if they refer to a Per entity. So following that logic, "a mesma" here refers to "a árvore" (Nat), so it should be Nat. But I'm not 100% sure. Alternatively, if the pronoun is not an entity itself, maybe it's Other. However, the example shows that "a mesma fonte" is classified as Per, which is a pronoun referring to a Per entity. So by analogy, "a mesma" here should be Nat. Therefore, confidence might be lower, maybe 0.8, because it's a pronoun, but the antecedent is Nat. 

So the classifications would be:

- "o homem" → Per (0.95)
- "a árvore" → Nat (0.95)
- "a mesma" → Nat (0.8)

I need to make sure that "a mesma" is not classified as Other. Since the example shows that pronouns can be classified based on their antecedent, I think it's safe to follow that. Therefore, the final answer should be as above.
</think>

<Output>[["o homem", "Per", 0.95], ["a árvore", "Nat", 0.95], ["a mesma", "Nat", 0.8]]</Output>