<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the example input and output, the participants include entities like "Avião", "o motor", "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", etc. Even repeated mentions are listed separately with their confidence. The confidence is a number between 0 and 1, so I need to assess each entity's likelihood of being a participant.

Now, the input provided is: "O grupo ‘jihadista’ Estado Islâmico (EI) reivindicou hoje o ataque armado ocorrido na segunda-feira em Viena e que provocou quatro vítimas mortais e 22 feridos, num comunicado publicado nas suas redes Telegram."

Breaking this down, the main entities here are:

1. "Estado Islâmico (EI)" – This is the group claiming responsibility, so definitely a participant.
2. "O grupo ‘jihadista’ Estado Islâmico (EI)" – Same as above, but with a descriptor. Maybe a bit redundant, but the example included similar variations, so I should include it.
3. "ataque armado" – The attack itself is an event, not a participant. Wait, but the definition says participants are entities involved. The attack is an event, not an entity. So maybe not a participant.
4. "Viena" – The location where the attack occurred. Locations can be participants if they're impacted. But in the example, "Lisboa" was included as a participant. So maybe places are considered participants here.
5. "quatro vítimas mortais" – Victims are participants. But the example didn't include victims, only entities like "aeronave" or "motor". Hmm, the example output included "vítimas mortais" as a participant? Wait, looking back at the example output, the user's example input had "vítimas mortais" in the input, but the output didn't include them. Wait, no, the example input was about an airplane emergency, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., but not victims. So maybe victims aren't considered participants here? Or maybe they are, but the example didn't include them. Wait, the example output for the airplane case included "a aeronave" and "o avião", but not the victims. So perhaps victims are not considered participants in this context. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. So victims are impacted, so they should be included. But in the example, they weren't. Hmm, maybe the example is incomplete or there's a different approach. Alternatively, maybe the user's example is just an example and not comprehensive. I need to follow the definition strictly.

Wait, the definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities that are actively involved in or impacted by an event. So victims are impacted, so they should be included. But in the example given, the output didn't include victims. Let me check again. The example input was about an airplane emergency, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc., but not the victims. However, the example output does include "vítimas mortais" in the input, but the output doesn't list them. Wait, no, the input in the example was about an airplane emergency, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", "o ‘site’", etc. So maybe victims aren't considered participants here. Maybe the user's example is not including victims, so perhaps the task is to extract entities that are directly involved in the event, not the victims. Alternatively, maybe the victims are considered as part of the event's impact but not as participants. This is a bit ambiguous.

In the current input, the attack is claimed by Estado Islâmico, so they are a participant. The attack itself is an event, not an entity. Viena is a location where the attack happened, so it's a participant. The victims (four mortals and 22 injured) are impacted, so they should be participants. However, in the example, the output didn't include victims. But maybe in this case, the victims are not explicitly named, just numbers. So maybe they are not included. Alternatively, the term "vítimas mortais" is a collective noun, so it's an entity. But the example didn't include such terms. Hmm.

Also, "num comunicado publicado nas suas redes Telegram." – "Telegram" is a platform, so that's a participant. The group "Estado Islâmico" used Telegram to publish the statement, so Telegram is a participant here. Also, "redes Telegram" refers to Telegram's networks, so that's another entity.

So compiling the possible participants:

- "Estado Islâmico (EI)" – definitely a participant.
- "O grupo ‘jihadista’ Estado Islâmico (EI)" – same as above, but with a descriptor. The example included similar variations, so I should include this.
- "Viena" – location, impacted by the attack.
- "quatro vítimas mortais" – victims, but not sure if included.
- "22 feridos" – same as above.
- "Telegram" – the platform used to publish the statement.
- "redes Telegram" – same as above.

But the example output didn't include victims, so maybe they are not considered here. The example input had "vítimas mortais" but the output didn't include them. So perhaps the task is to extract entities that are directly involved in the event, not the victims. Alternatively, maybe the victims are considered as part of the event's impact but not as participants. This is a bit confusing.

Another angle: in the example, "a aeronave" and "o avião" are included, which are the same entity. So even if the same entity is mentioned multiple times, each instance is listed. So in this case, "Estado Islâmico (EI)" and "O grupo ‘jihadista’ Estado Islâmico (EI)" are two different mentions of the same entity, so both should be included.

So the final list would be:

["Estado Islâmico (EI)", 0.95], ["O grupo ‘jihadista’ Estado Islâmico (EI)", 0.9], ["Viena", 0.8], ["Telegram", 0.8], ["redes Telegram", 0.8]

But I need to check if "redes Telegram" is a separate entity from "Telegram". In the input, it's "nas suas redes Telegram", which translates to "on their Telegram networks". So "redes Telegram" is the networks of Telegram, which might be considered as part of Telegram itself. However, in the example, "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was included as a separate entity. So maybe "redes Telegram" is a separate entity here.

Alternatively, "Telegram" is the main entity, and "redes Telegram" is a part of it. But the example included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant, which is a specific airport. So in this case, "redes Telegram" is a specific entity, so it should be included.

Also, the victims are not explicitly named, just numbers. So they might not be considered as participants here, as they are not named entities. The example didn't include victims either, so I think they are excluded.

Therefore, the final list would include the group, the location, and the platform.
</think>

[["O grupo ‘jihadista’ Estado Islâmico (EI)", 0.95], ["Estado Islâmico (EI)", 0.9], ["Viena", 0.8], ["Telegram", 0.8], ["redes Telegram", 0.7]]