<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like individuals, groups, organizations, etc., that are involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "O comunicado do EI atribui a um “soldado do califado” os disparos registados perto de uma sinagoga e da ópera." Translating that, it's about a statement from the EI (Islamic State) attributing shots near a synagogue and an opera to a "soldado do califado" (caliphate soldier).

Now, identifying participants. The main entities here are:

1. "EI" – which is the Islamic State, an organization. The text mentions "comunicado do EI" (EI's statement), so they are definitely a participant.
2. "um soldado do califado" – this is an individual, a soldier of the caliphate. The statement attributes the shots to this person, so they are a participant.
3. "uma sinagoga" – synagogue, which is a place. Since the event happened near it, it's impacted, so it's a participant.
4. "da ópera" – the opera, another place. Similarly, it's a participant as the event occurred near it.

Wait, but the example output included things like "aeroporto" (airport) and "Lisboa" (Lisbon) as participants. So even locations are considered participants if they are involved or impacted. So in this case, the synagogue and the opera are locations where the event happened near, so they should be included.

Now, checking for any other entities. The text mentions "comunicado" (statement), but that's an action, not an entity. The "disparos" (shots) are events, not participants. The "califado" is part of the title of the soldier, so "soldado do califado" is the entity, not "califado" itself. 

Confidence scores: "EI" is clearly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). "soldado do califado" is directly attributed, so also high (0.95). The synagogue and opera are locations mentioned, so maybe 0.8 each since they are places affected. The example included "aeroporto" with 0.8, so similar here. 

Wait, in the example, "aeroporto" was included as a participant. So even if it's a generic term, if it's part of the event's location, it's a participant. So "uma sinagoga" and "da ópera" should be included as participants. 

So the final list would be:
- "EI" with 0.95
- "um soldado do califado" with 0.95
- "uma sinagoga" with 0.8
- "da ópera" with 0.8

I need to make sure there are no other entities. The text doesn't mention any other organizations or individuals. The "comunicado" is a statement, not an entity. The "disparos" are events, not participants. So the four entities above are the correct ones.
</think>

[["EI", 0.95], ["um soldado do califado", 0.95], ["uma sinagoga", 0.8], ["da ópera", 0.8]]