<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input sentence: "O autor do atentado, de 20 anos, foi abatido na noite de segunda-feira pela polícia no centro de Viena."

Breaking it down, the main event is the author of the attack being shot by the police in Vienna. Let's identify each participant.

1. "O autor do atentado" – This is the individual who committed the attack. Definitely a participant. The name isn't given, but the role is clear. Confidence might be high since it's explicitly mentioned.

2. "a polícia" – The police who shot the author. They are directly involved in the event. High confidence here too.

3. "Viena" – The location where the event happened. Locations can be considered participants if they are impacted or part of the event. But sometimes, places might be excluded unless they are entities with roles. However, the example given in the task includes "Lisboa" multiple times, so maybe locations are included. So I'll include "Viena" with a confidence score.

Now, checking for any other entities. The age "de 20 anos" refers to the author, so that's part of the same entity. The time "na noite de segunda-feira" is a time reference, not an entity. "no centro de Viena" is the location, which we've already considered as "Viena".

Wait, in the example output, they included "Lisboa" multiple times, even when it's part of a larger phrase like "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" and "os aeroportos". So maybe even parts of phrases that include the location are considered. But in this case, "Viena" is the city, so including it once should be enough. However, the example also includes "Lisboa" multiple times in different contexts. So perhaps I should check if "no centro de Viena" is considered a separate entity. But "Viena" is the main entity here, so I think just "Viena" is sufficient.

So the participants would be:

- "O autor do atentado" (confidence high, maybe 0.9)
- "a polícia" (confidence high, 0.9)
- "Viena" (confidence medium, maybe 0.7)

Wait, but in the example, they included "aeroporto" as a separate entity even when it's part of a longer phrase. So maybe "no centro de Viena" would have "centro" as a participant? But "centro" is a generic term for center, not a specific entity. The example included "os aeroportos" as a participant. So maybe "centro" isn't an entity here. Therefore, only "Viena" as the location.

So the final list would be:

["O autor do atentado", 0.9], ["a polícia", 0.9], ["Viena", 0.7]

I need to make sure there are no other entities. The age is part of the author's description, not a separate entity. The time is not an entity. The verb "foi abatido" is an action, not an entity. So those three should be the participants.
</think>

[["O autor do atentado", 0.9], ["a polícia", 0.9], ["Viena", 0.7]]