<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is about the GNR's Coast Control Unit (UCC) seizing 785 kg of hashish and detaining two men during a transfer between boats near Olhão, Algarve. The source is "foi hoje anunciado," which might refer to an official announcement, but the entity isn't named here.

Starting with the main entities:

1. "A Unidade de Controlo Costeiro (UCC) da GNR" – This is the organization involved. GNR is the Portuguese National Republican Guard, so UCC is part of them. The full name is mentioned, so that's a participant. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.

2. "GNR" – The acronym is used here. Since it's the parent organization of UCC, it's a participant. Confidence around 0.9.

3. "785 quilos de haxixe" – The drug seized. This is an object, but according to the definition, participants can be entities involved. However, the drug is the object being acted upon, not an active participant. Maybe not include it. Wait, the definition says "entities that are actively involved in or impacted by an event." The drug is impacted, so maybe it's a participant. But I'm not sure. The example given in the task included "o motor" which is a part of the plane. So maybe objects involved are included. Hmm. Let me check the example again. In the example, "o motor" was included as a participant. So maybe the hashish is a participant here. But the example also included "a aeronave" (the airplane) as a participant. So perhaps the hashish is a participant. But I need to decide. Alternatively, maybe the hashish is the object being seized, so the participants are the ones doing the action (GNR, the two men) and the location. The hashish is the object, so maybe not a participant. This is a bit ambiguous. I'll note it but might exclude it unless the example includes similar items.

4. "dois homens" – The two men detained. They are participants as victims or agents. Confidence high, 0.95.

5. "embarcações" – The boats involved in the transfer. They are part of the event. The example included "a aeronave" and "o motor," so maybe the boats are participants. Confidence around 0.85.

6. "Olhão (Algarve)" – The location where the event happened. Locations are considered participants if they are relevant. The example included "Lisboa" and "os aeroportos," so yes. Confidence 0.9.

7. "Algarve" – Part of the location. Maybe redundant with Olhão, but since it's specified, include it. Confidence 0.8.

8. "foi hoje anunciado" – The source of the announcement. The example included "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública," so if the source is an organization, it's a participant. However, in this case, the source isn't named. The phrase "foi hoje anunciado" is a general statement, so maybe no specific entity here. So no participant here.

Now, checking for any other entities. The text mentions "transbordo do produto estupefaciente entre duas embarcações," so "produto estupefaciente" (narcotic product) is the hashish, which we already considered. The two men are the ones involved in the transfer, so they are participants. The GNR is the one who seized the drugs and detained them. The boats are the means used. The location is Olhão in Algarve.

Wait, the example included "o ‘site’" as a participant, which is a source. In this case, the source isn't named, so maybe not. So the participants would be:

- Unidade de Controlo Costeiro (UCC) da GNR
- GNR
- dois homens
- embarcações
- Olhão (Algarve)
- Algarve

But need to check if "GNR" is separate from "UCC da GNR." Since UCC is part of GNR, maybe both are included. The example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "fonte" as separate entities. So in this case, "GNR" and "UCC da GNR" are both participants. The example also had "a mesma fonte" as a participant. So in this case, "foi hoje anunciado" doesn't specify an entity, so no. 

Also, "dois homens" is a participant. The boats are "embarcações," which are participants. The location is Olhão (Algarve) and Algarve. 

So compiling the list with confidence scores:

["Unidade de Controlo Costeiro (UCC) da GNR", 0.95],
["GNR", 0.9],
["dois homens", 0.95],
["embarcações", 0.85],
["Olhão (Algarve)", 0.9],
["Algarve", 0.8]

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was included multiple times. So even if the same location is mentioned in different forms, they are all included. So "Olhão (Algarve)" and "Algarve" are both separate entries. Also, "dois homens" is a group, so that's a participant. The hashish might be considered, but the example didn't include objects like that. The example included "o motor" which is part of the plane, so maybe objects involved are included. However, the hashish is the object being seized, so maybe it's a participant. But the example didn't include the drug, so perhaps not. The example included "a aeronave" (the plane) and "o motor" (the engine), which are parts of the plane. So maybe the hashish is a participant here. However, the example didn't include the drug, so maybe it's better to exclude it unless the definition explicitly says so. The definition says "entities that are actively involved in or impacted by an event." The hashish is impacted, so it's a participant. But the example didn't include it. Hmm. This is a bit tricky. Let me check the example again. The example input had "Avião aterra de emergência..." and the output included "o motor," which is part of the plane. So maybe objects involved are included. So in this case, the hashish is a participant. So adding "785 quilos de haxixe" with confidence 0.75. But I'm not sure. The example included "a aeronave" which is the main subject, but the hashish is the object. However, the definition says "impacted by an event," so the hashish is impacted. So maybe include it. But the example didn't have such an entry. Alternatively, maybe the hashish is not considered a participant because it's not an entity but an object. This is a gray area. To be safe, I'll include it with a lower confidence. But I need to check the example again. The example output included "o motor" which is a part of the plane, so maybe objects involved are included. So in this case, the hashish is a participant. So adding "785 quilos de haxixe" with confidence 0.7.

But the example didn't have the drug, so maybe the user expects not to include it. Alternatively, maybe the user considers the drug as a participant. Hmm. Let me check the example again. The example input had "a falha no motor" and the output included "o motor" as a participant. So the motor is a part of the plane, which is a participant. So the hashish is the object being acted upon, so it's a participant. Therefore, including it. So adding "785 quilos de haxixe" with confidence 0.7.

So the final list would be:

["Unidade de Controlo Costeiro (UCC) da GNR", 0.95],
["GNR", 0.9],
["dois homens", 0.95],
["embarcações", 0.85],
["Olhão (Algarve)", 0.9],
["Algarve", 0.8],
["785 quilos de haxixe", 0.7]

But I'm not entirely sure about the hashish. However, following the example's inclusion of "o motor," which is an object involved, I think it's safe to include the hashish here. So I'll proceed with that.
</think>

[["Unidade de Controlo Costeiro (UCC) da GNR", 0.95], ["GNR", 0.9], ["dois homens", 0.95], ["embarcações", 0.85], ["Olhão (Algarve)", 0.9], ["Algarve", 0.8], ["785 quilos de haxixe", 0.7]]