<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like organizations, individuals, or objects involved in the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is about the Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR) detecting two boats using the SIVICC system. The boats were found transferring objects resembling hashish fardos.

Starting with the first part: "a Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)" – that's clearly an organization, so that's a participant. The acronym GNR is mentioned in parentheses, so both should be included. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "as duas embarcações" – the two boats. They are the ones being detected, so they are participants. The term "embarcações" is plural, but in the example, they included both singular and plural forms. So "as duas embarcações" and "as embarcações" might be separate entries. Wait, the example had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So maybe each mention is considered a separate entity. But in this case, the text says "as duas embarcações" and later "as embarcações" – but the original input only mentions "as duas embarcações" once. Wait, the input is: "as duas embarcações foram detetadas através do Sistema Integrado de Vigilância e Comando e Controlo (SIVICC) “encostadas a fazer o transbordo de objetos que se assemelhavam a fardos de haxixe”." So the only mention is "as duas embarcações". But the example had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So maybe each occurrence is considered. However, in this case, the input only mentions "as duas embarcações" once. So maybe just "as duas embarcações" and "embarcações" as separate? Wait, the example included "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" as separate entries. So perhaps each instance of the noun phrase is considered, even if it's the same entity. So here, "as duas embarcações" and "as embarcações" – but the input only has "as duas embarcações". Wait, the input is: "as duas embarcações foram detetadas..." and later "encostadas a fazer o transbordo..." – but the second part doesn't mention the boats again. So maybe only "as duas embarcações" is present. But the example had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So perhaps each time the entity is mentioned, even if it's the same, it's considered a separate entry. But in this case, the input only mentions "as duas embarcações" once. So maybe just that one. But the example had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate, even though they refer to the same thing. So perhaps I should list each occurrence as a separate entity. However, in this input, "as duas embarcações" is mentioned once. So that's one entry. But maybe "embarcações" is also a participant? Wait, the example included "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" as separate entries. So maybe even if the noun is the same, different forms (like definite vs. indefinite, singular vs. plural) are considered separate. So in this case, "as duas embarcações" and "embarcações" – but the input doesn't have "embarcações" without the article. Wait, the input only has "as duas embarcações". So maybe just that. Then, the system mentioned is "Sistema Integrado de Vigilância e Comando e Controlo (SIVICC)" – that's an organization or system, so that's a participant. The acronym SIVICC is in parentheses, so both the full name and the acronym should be included. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.9.

Then, the objects "objetos que se assemelhavam a fardos de haxixe" – the objects resemble hashish fardos. But the participants are the entities involved. The objects are part of the action, but are they considered participants? The definition says participants are those actively involved or impacted. The objects here are being transborded, so they are part of the event. However, the example included "o motor" as a participant. So maybe the objects here are also participants. But the example didn't include "objetos" or "fardos de haxixe" as participants. Wait, in the example, the output included "o motor" and "um motor" but not the objects. So maybe only the entities that are agents or subjects. The objects here are being transborded, so they are part of the action but not necessarily participants. The participants would be the ones doing the action. So the boats are the ones doing the transbordo, and the GNR is detecting them. The SIVICC system is the tool used. The hashish fardos are the objects, but maybe not considered participants. So perhaps only the GNR, the boats, and the SIVICC system.

Wait, the example included "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" as separate entries. So even if the same entity is mentioned in different forms, they are considered separate. So in this case, "as duas embarcações" and "as embarcações" would be separate if both were present. But in the input, only "as duas embarcações" is present. So that's one entry. Then, the SIVICC system and the GNR. Also, the "fardos de haxixe" – but the example didn't include similar items. So maybe not. The user's example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So perhaps each mention is considered. But in this input, the only mentions are "as duas embarcações", "Sistema Integrado...", "SIVICC", and "Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)".

Wait, the input says "a Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR) especificou que as duas embarcações foram detetadas através do Sistema Integrado de Vigilância e Comando e Controlo (SIVICC)".

So participants would be:

- Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)
- as duas embarcações
- Sistema Integrado de Vigilância e Comando e Controlo (SIVICC)
- SIVICC (as the acronym)

But the example included both the full name and the acronym. So "Sistema Integrado..." and "SIVICC" as separate entries. Also, "Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)" and "GNR" as separate entries. Wait, in the example, they had "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entries. So the full name and the acronym. So here, "Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)" and "GNR" would be separate entries. But in the input, it's written as "a Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)", so the full name with the acronym in parentheses. So the entity is "Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)" and "GNR" as separate entries. Similarly for the SIVICC system: "Sistema Integrado de Vigilância e Comando e Controlo (SIVICC)" and "SIVICC".

So the list would be:

["Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)", 0.95], ["GNR", 0.9], ["as duas embarcações", 0.8], ["Sistema Integrado de Vigilância e Comando e Controlo (SIVICC)", 0.9], ["SIVICC", 0.9].

Wait, but the example had entries like "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" as separate. So in this case, "as duas embarcações" is one entry, and if there's another mention of "embarcações" without the article, that would be another. But in the input, there's only "as duas embarcações". So that's one entry. The other entities are GNR, SIVICC, and the system name. Also, the "objetos que se assemelhavam a fardos de haxixe" – but the example didn't include such objects. So maybe not. The user's example included "o motor" and "um motor" as participants. So perhaps the objects here are not considered participants. Therefore, the final list would be the four entities mentioned above with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR)", 0.95], ["GNR", 0.9], ["as duas embarcações", 0.8], ["Sistema Integrado de Vigilância e Comando e Controlo (SIVICC)", 0.9], ["SIVICC", 0.9]]