<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. So, the input is a Portuguese text, and I need to classify each of the given participants into one of the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, I'll go through each participant one by one. The first one is "Núcleo de Investigação e Apoio a Vítimas Específicas (NIAVE) do Porto". That looks like the name of a unit or department. The acronym NIAVE is mentioned, and it's associated with the city of Porto. Since it's a specific unit within a larger organization, like a police or investigative body, this should be classified as an Organization.

Next up is "os militares". "Militares" translates to "the soldiers" or "the military personnel". Since they are people, this would be a Person. But wait, sometimes "militares" can refer to a group, but in this context, they are the ones conducting the investigation, so they are individuals, hence Person.

Then "o agressor". That's "the aggressor", which is a person, so Person. 

Next is "a vítima", which is "the victim", also a person. So that's Person as well.

Lastly, "sua esposa" means "his wife", which is a person. So Person again.

Wait, but let me double-check. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. 

"Núcleo de Investigação e Apoio a Vítimas Específicas (NIAVE) do Porto" is definitely an organization. "os militares" are people, so Person. "o agressor", "a vítima", "sua esposa" are all people, so Person. 

I don't see any locations or objects here. The only possible location mentioned is Porto, but that's not in the participants list. So all the participants are either Organization or Person. 

So the classifications should be:

- Núcleo de Investigação e Apoio a Vítimas Específicas (NIAVE) do Porto → Org
- os militares → Per
- o agressor → Per
- a vítima → Per
- sua esposa → Per

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any other classes. The other classes like Facility or Location aren't present here. So the final list should be as above.
</think>

[["Núcleo de Investigação e Apoio a Vítimas Específicas (NIAVE) do Porto", "Org"], ["os militares", "Per"], ["o agressor", "Per"], ["a vítima", "Per"], ["sua esposa", "Per"]]