<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a Portuguese sentence about a detainee being presented for a judicial interrogation at the Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos, with a preventive detention measure applied, as per a communiqué.

The participants to classify are: "O detido", "primeiro interrogatório judicial", "Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos", "a medida de coação de prisão preventiva", "o comunicado".

Now, applying the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

Starting with "O detido" – that's "The detainee". Since it's a person, that's "Person".

Next, "primeiro interrogatório judicial" – "first judicial interrogation". An interrogation is a process or event, so maybe "Object" or "Other"? But "interrogatório judicial" is a legal procedure, which might be considered an Object here.

"Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos" – this is a court, which is a Facility. So "Facility".

"a medida de coação de prisão preventiva" – "the preventive detention measure". This is a legal measure, which is an Object.

"o comunicado" – "the communiqué". A communiqué is a document or statement, so that's an Object.

Wait, but "comunicado" could be considered an Organization if it's a specific entity, but in this context, it's a document issued by an organization, so it's more like an Object. Also, the example given in the task had "à agência Lusa" as an Organization, so "comunicado" here is a document, not an organization. So "Object".

Let me check again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. 

So:

- "O detido" → Person
- "primeiro interrogatório judicial" → Object (since it's a legal process, not a physical object)
- "Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos" → Facility (as it's a court building)
- "a medida de coação de prisão preventiva" → Object (a legal measure)
- "o comunicado" → Object (a document)

I think that's correct. Let me make sure there's no Location here. "Matosinhos" is a location, but the full name "Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos" is the facility. The other locations would be "Matosinhos" itself, but it's not in the participants list. So the classifications should be as above.
</think>

[["O detido", "Per"], ["primeiro interrogatório judicial", "Obj"], ["Tribunal Judicial de Matosinhos", "Fac"], ["a medida de coação de prisão preventiva", "Obj"], ["o comunicado", "Obj"]]