<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "Dutch government approves aid to KLM after pilots agree to pay cuts". The participants to classify are "Dutch government", "KLM", and "pilots".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had entries like "Plane" classified as Object, "airport" as Facility, and "Lusa." as Organization. So, I need to apply similar logic here.

Starting with "Dutch government". Governments are typically organizations, right? So that should be "Organization".

Next, "KLM". KLM is a well-known airline, which is a company. Companies are organizations, so "KLM" should be "Organization".

Then "pilots". Pilots are people, so that's "Person". Wait, but sometimes "pilots" could be part of an organization, but in this context, it's referring to the individuals who agreed to pay cuts. So "pilots" as a group of people would be "Person" or maybe "Organization"? Hmm. Wait, the example had "source" as "Per" (Person) and "the same source" also as "Per". So if "pilots" are people, then "Person" is correct. Even though they are a group, the class might still be "Person" if they are individuals. Alternatively, maybe "Organization" if they are considered a collective entity. But in the example, "Public Security Police" was classified as "Org", so maybe groups like pilots would be "Person" if they are individuals, but if they are part of an organization, then "Org". However, in this case, the sentence says "pilots agree to pay cuts", which is about the people in the pilot role. So I think "Person" is the right class here.

So the classifications would be:

["Dutch government", "Org"], ["KLM", "Org"], ["pilots", "Per"].

Let me double-check. The Dutch government is definitely an organization. KLM is an airline company, so organization. Pilots are people, so person. That seems right.
</think>

[["Dutch government", "Org"], ["KLM", "Org"], ["pilots", "Per"]]