<think>
Okay, let's tackle this query. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. So I need to look for any such entities in the input.

The input is: "Three people died in the municipality of Camacupa, in the Angolan province of Bié, following an attack by a hippopotamus, public radio reported today."

First, I'll break down the sentence. The main event is the attack by a hippopotamus leading to three deaths. The participants would include the people who died, the hippopotamus, the location (Camacupa, Bié, Angola), the public radio that reported it, and maybe the province and municipality as entities.

Starting with "Three people" – they are victims, so they are participants. The hippopotamus is the attacker, so that's a participant. The municipality of Camacupa and the province of Bié are locations involved. "Angolan province" refers to Bié, so that's part of the location. The public radio is the source reporting the event, so they are an entity involved.

Now, checking for any other entities. The word "Angola" isn't explicitly mentioned, but since Bié is a province in Angola, maybe that's implied. However, the input doesn't state "Angola" directly, so maybe it's better to include "Angolan province of Bié" as a participant. Wait, the input says "Angolan province of Bié", so that's a participant. Also, "public radio" is mentioned as the reporter, so that's an organization.

I need to make sure I don't miss any. The numbers like "Three people" – the number is part of the entity? The example given in the task includes "three people" as an entity. Wait, in the example, the output had "Plane" and "engine" etc. So in this case, "Three people" would be an entity. But the example also had "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So "public radio" is an organization here.

Wait, the input says "public radio reported today." So "public radio" is the entity here. The user might consider that as an organization. Also, "municipality of Camacupa" is a location, and "province of Bié" is another location. The hippopotamus is an animal, but since it's the attacker, it's a participant.

So compiling the list:

- Three people (victims)
- hippopotamus (attacker)
- municipality of Camacupa
- Angolan province of Bié
- public radio (source)
- The numbers: "Three" is part of the entity "Three people", so that's included. The example had "a stopped engine" as an entity, so the exact phrase is taken. So "Three people" is the entity here.

Confidence levels: For "Three people", confidence is high (0.95). Hippopotamus is clear (0.9). The locations are explicit (0.9 each). Public radio is mentioned as the source (0.8). The Angolan province of Bié is part of the location (0.9). The example included "Lisbon" as a participant, so here "Camacupa" and "Bié" are similar. 

Wait, the input says "the Angolan province of Bié", so "Angolan province of Bié" is the full entity. So that's one entry. Also, "municipality of Camacupa" is another. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The example had "the airports" as an entity, so in this case, "municipality" and "province" are similar. The user might want the exact phrases. So the final list would be:

["Three people", 0.95], ["hippopotamus", 0.9], ["municipality of Camacupa", 0.9], ["Angolan province of Bié", 0.9], ["public radio", 0.8]
</think>

[["Three people", 0.95], ["hippopotamus", 0.9], ["municipality of Camacupa", 0.9], ["Angolan province of Bié", 0.9], ["public radio", 0.8]]