<think>
Okay, let's tackle this query. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. The example they gave includes entities like "Plane," "engine," "Lisbon," etc., each with a confidence score. My task is to do the same for the new input.

First, I need to understand the input sentence: "The incident occurred when crossing the Kwanza River, when the artisanal boat, with eight people on board, suffered an attack by that mammal." 

Participants are entities involved or impacted. Let's break it down. The main entities here are the artisanal boat, the eight people on board, the Kwanza River, and the mammal that attacked. 

The boat is an entity, so "artisanal boat" would be one. The eight people are participants, but the example in the task didn't include numbers like "eight people" as separate entities. Wait, in the example, they had "eight people on board" as "eight people" but in the output, it's listed as "eight people on board" with confidence. Wait, looking back at the example, the output includes "eight people on board" as an entity. Hmm, maybe the exact phrase is taken. So in this case, "eight people on board" would be an entity. 

Then the Kwanza River is a location, so that's a participant. The mammal is the attacker, so "that mammal" is another entity. Also, "the incident" is an event, but the definition says participants are entities involved. The incident itself isn't an entity but an event. So maybe "the incident" isn't included. 

Wait, the example output includes "the same source" and "Lusa." So maybe any noun phrases that are entities. Let me check the example again. The example input had "a Public Security Police source" which became "a Public Security Police" and "the same source." So the exact phrases are extracted. 

So in the current input, "the artisanal boat" is an entity. "eight people on board" is a group. "the Kwanza River" is a location. "that mammal" is the attacker. Also, "the incident" might not be included as it's the event itself. 

Wait, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The river is a location where the incident happened, so it's a participant. The boat and the people on it are directly involved. The mammal is the attacker. 

So the entities would be:

- "the artisanal boat"
- "eight people on board"
- "the Kwanza River"
- "that mammal"

Now, confidence scores. "the artisanal boat" is clearly mentioned, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. "eight people on board" is a group, but the exact phrase is used, so 0.9. "the Kwanza River" is a specific location, 0.95. "that mammal" is a bit vague, but it's the attacker, so 0.8. 

Wait, the example output had "Lusa." with a period, but in the input, it's "Lusa." So maybe punctuation is included. However, in the current input, "that mammal" ends with a period? No, the input ends with "that mammal." So the entity would be "that mammal" with a period? The example includes "Lusa." with a period. So maybe include the punctuation. 

So the entities would be:

["the artisanal boat", 0.95], ["eight people on board", 0.9], ["the Kwanza River", 0.95], ["that mammal.", 0.8]

Wait, but in the example, "Lusa." is included as an entity. So "that mammal." would be the same. However, the input sentence ends with "that mammal." So the period is part of the entity. But maybe the user expects the entity without the period. Wait, in the example, the input had "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." and the output includes "Lusa." So the period is included. Therefore, in this case, "that mammal." would be the entity. 

Alternatively, maybe the period is not part of the entity. But the example shows that "Lusa." is included. So I should follow that. 

So the final list would be:

[
  ["the artisanal boat", 0.95],
  ["eight people on board", 0.9],
  ["the Kwanza River", 0.95],
  ["that mammal.", 0.8]
]

I need to make sure there are no other entities. The sentence mentions "crossing the Kwanza River" which is the river, so that's covered. The "incident" is the event, not an entity. The "attack" is an action, not an entity. So the four entities listed should be correct.
</think>

[["the artisanal boat", 0.95], ["eight people on board", 0.9], ["the Kwanza River", 0.95], ["that mammal.", 0.8]]