<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about an incident involving a boat, people, a river, and a mammal. The participants to classify are "the artisanal boat", "eight people on board", "the Kwanza River", and "that mammal." 

First, I need to recall the classes provided. The classes include Per, Org, Obj, Nat, Fac, Veh, Path, Pl_water, Pl_celestial, Pl_mountain, Pl_civil, Pl_country, Pl_mount_range, Pl_capital, Pl_region, Pl_state, Loc, and Other. 

Starting with "the artisanal boat". A boat is a vehicle, so that would be Veh. But wait, the example given in the task had "plane" classified as Obj. Wait, in the previous example, "plane" was Obj, but here, "boat" might be Veh. Let me check the definitions again. The Veh class is vehicles. The Obj class is tangible, manmade objects. A boat is a vehicle, so Veh. But maybe in some contexts, it's considered an object. Hmm. The example had "plane" as Obj, but maybe that's because it was part of an event like landing. Wait, in the previous example, "the aircraft" was Obj. So maybe "boat" here is also Obj. Wait, but the Veh class is for vehicles. Let me check the definitions again. The Veh class is vehicles. So if the boat is a vehicle, then it's Veh. But maybe in the example, "plane" was considered an object because it's part of an event. I need to be careful here. Let me think: the boat is a manmade object, so Obj. But if it's a vehicle, then Veh. The definition for Veh says vehicles. So perhaps "boat" is Veh. But the example had "plane" as Obj. Wait, in the example, "the aircraft" was Obj. But aircraft is a vehicle. So maybe in this case, "artisanal boat" is Obj. But I'm confused. Let me check the example again. The example input had "plane" classified as Obj. So maybe the answer here is Obj for "the artisanal boat".

Next, "eight people on board". That's a group of people. The Per class is for human individuals or characters. But "eight people" is a group, so maybe Org? Wait, Org is for organizations, companies, governments, etc. But a group of people on a boat might be considered as a Per if they are individuals. However, the class Per is for individuals or characters. If it's a group, maybe it's not Per. Wait, the definition says Per is entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. So "eight people" is a group of individuals, but the class Per is for individual entities. So maybe "eight people on board" is not Per. Then, what class? The example had "source" as Per, which is a person. But "eight people" is a collective noun. Maybe it's not classified as Per. Alternatively, maybe it's considered as a group of Per entities, but since the classification is per entity, perhaps "eight people" is not a single entity. Wait, the participants to classify are given as entities. The input says "eight people on board" is an entity. So perhaps it's considered as a group, which might be classified as Org? But Org is for organizations. Alternatively, maybe it's Other. But the example had "source" as Per. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "eight people" is Per, but since it's a group, maybe it's not. This is a bit tricky. Let me check the definition again. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, etc. So "eight people on board" is a group of individuals, so maybe it's Per. But the class Per is for individuals. Wait, the definition says Per is for human individuals or characters. So if it's a group, maybe it's not Per. Then, perhaps it's Other? Or maybe it's considered as a Per if it's a collective noun. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's not classified as Per. Let me think of the example again. In the example, "source" was classified as Per. So if "eight people" is a group, perhaps it's not Per. Maybe it's Other. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's considered as a Per. I'll have to make a judgment here. Maybe it's Per, but with lower confidence. Or perhaps it's not. Alternatively, maybe it's not a participant. Wait, the task says participants are entities actively involved or impacted. So "eight people on board" are involved in the incident, so they are participants. But the class for them would be Per? But Per is for individuals. Maybe the answer is Per, but with confidence 0.7. Alternatively, maybe it's not Per. Hmm. This is a bit ambiguous.

Next, "the Kwanza River". That's a river, so Pl_water. The class Pl_water includes rivers, so that's straightforward. So "the Kwanza River" is Pl_water.

Lastly, "that mammal." Mammals are animals, so Nat. The class Nat is for animals, plants, etc. So "that mammal" is Nat. But the example had "O cao" (the dog) as Nat. So this should be Nat.

So putting it all together:

- "the artisanal boat" is Veh or Obj. Given the previous example, "plane" was Obj, but "aircraft" was Obj. So maybe "boat" is Obj. But "Veh" is for vehicles. Wait, the example had "aircraft" as Obj. So maybe "boat" is also Obj. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "boat" is Veh. Let me check the definitions again. Veh is vehicles. Obj is tangible, manmade objects. A boat is a vehicle, so Veh. But in the example, "aircraft" was Obj. So perhaps the answer here is Obj. Maybe the classification depends on the context. If the boat is being used as a vehicle, then Veh. If it's considered as an object, then Obj. This is a bit confusing. Let me think of the example again. In the example, "the aircraft" was Obj. So maybe "the artisanal boat" is Obj. So I'll go with Obj here.

For "eight people on board", I think they are individuals, so Per. But since it's a group, maybe it's not. Alternatively, maybe it's considered as a Per. Let me check the definition again. Per is for individuals or characters. If the group is considered as a single entity, maybe it's not Per. But the example had "source" as Per, which is a single person. So "eight people" is a group, not a single individual. Therefore, it might not be Per. Then, what class? Maybe Other? But the example had "source" as Per. Alternatively, maybe it's not classified as Per. Hmm. This is tricky. Maybe the answer is Other with lower confidence. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's considered as Per. I'll have to make a judgment here. Let's say it's Per, but with lower confidence.

So the final classifications would be:

["the artisanal boat", "Obj", 0.8], ["eight people on board", "Per", 0.7], ["the Kwanza River", "Pl_water", 0.95], ["that mammal.", "Nat", 0.9]
</think>

<Output>[["the artisanal boat", "Obj", 0.85], ["eight people on board", "Per", 0.75], ["the Kwanza River", "Pl_water", 0.95], ["that mammal.", "Nat", 0.9]]</Output>