<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even parts of phrases or specific terms are included with confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "According to one of the survivors, the attack took place early on Sunday night, when the peasants were leaving the fields, highlighting that among the dead was a child whose body was missing."

Breaking it down, the main event is an attack. The participants would be the survivors, the peasants, the dead (including the child), and maybe the attackers. But the text doesn't mention the attackers explicitly. Let's check each part.

"one of the survivors" – "survivors" is a group involved, so that's a participant. The confidence here might be high since they are directly mentioned.

"the attack" – the attack itself is an event, but not an entity. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved. So maybe "attack" isn't a participant, but the people involved in it. The attackers aren't mentioned, so maybe not included.

"peasants" – they were leaving the fields when the attack happened. They are victims, so they are participants. The term "peasants" is a group, so that's a participant.

"the dead" – this refers to people who died in the attack. The child is among the dead. So "the dead" and "a child" are participants. However, "the dead" is a collective term, but the example included "the same source" as a participant, so maybe "the dead" is acceptable here.

"a child" – specifically mentioned, so that's a participant. The body being missing might be a detail, but the child is the entity.

"body" – the body is part of the child, but the entity here is the child. The body is an object, but the definition includes entities impacted. However, the example didn't include "body" as a participant, so maybe not.

"Sunday night" – a time, not an entity. "fields" – a location, but not an entity. "the attack took place" – the event, not an entity.

"highlighting that among the dead was a child whose body was missing." – the child is the participant here.

So compiling the list: survivors, peasants, the dead, child. Let's check confidence. "survivors" is mentioned directly, so high confidence. "peasants" are directly mentioned, high. "the dead" is a collective term, maybe medium confidence. "a child" is explicitly mentioned, high. The example included "the same source" as a participant, so "the dead" might be acceptable. Also, "one of the survivors" – "one of the survivors" is a participant, but the example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. So maybe "survivors" is the entity here. The output in the example had "source" as a participant, so "survivors" would be similar.

Wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In the input, the source is mentioned as "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." So in the current input, "one of the survivors" is a participant. So "survivors" is the entity. The example also included "the same source" as a participant, so "survivors" would be similar.

So the entities would be:

- "survivors" (confidence 0.9)
- "peasants" (0.9)
- "the dead" (0.8)
- "a child" (0.9)

Wait, but the example included "the same source" as a participant. In the current input, "one of the survivors" is a participant. So "survivors" is the entity. Also, "the attack" is an event, not an entity. "Sunday night" is a time, not an entity. "fields" is a location, but not an entity. The child is a person, so that's a participant. The dead is a group of people, so that's a participant. The peasants are a group, so that's a participant. The survivors are a group, so that's a participant.

So the final list would be:

["survivors", 0.9], ["peasants", 0.9], ["the dead", 0.8], ["a child", 0.9]

I need to check if "the dead" is a valid participant. Since they are impacted by the attack, yes. The example included "the same source" as a participant, so "the dead" is similar. Also, "a child" is a specific entity. The body is part of the child, but the child is the participant. So that's correct.
</think>

[["survivors", 0.9], ["peasants", 0.9], ["the dead", 0.8], ["a child", 0.9]]