<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is a quote from Baptista Sambango, the communal administrator of Muinha, talking about an incident involving a river and the need for a bridge. The participants to classify are: Baptista Sambango, The communal administrator, The municipal administrator, The population, The river, and Muinha.

Starting with "Baptista Sambango": The text says he is the communal administrator. Since he's a person, that's a Per (person) class. Confidence is high here, maybe 0.95.

Next, "The communal administrator": This is a title or role, but in the context, it's referring to Baptista Sambango. However, the class Per is for individuals. Wait, but if it's a role, maybe it's an Org? No, the Org class is for organizations. Wait, the definition says Per includes human individuals or fictitious characters. Since the communal administrator is a person (Baptista Sambango), even if referred by title, it's still Per. So same as above, 0.95.

"The municipal administrator": Similar to the communal administrator. It's a role, but the person holding it would be a Per. However, the text mentions "the municipal administrator" as a person, so Per again. Confidence 0.9.

"The population": This refers to the people of the area. Since it's a group of people, but the class Per is for individuals. Wait, the definition says participants can be individuals, groups, etc. But looking at the classes, Per is for individuals or characters. The class "Other" is for entities not fitting elsewhere. Wait, the example given for Per includes "O rapaz" (the boy), which is an individual. The population is a group, not an individual. So maybe "Other"? But the example for "Other" is "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt), which is a non-entity. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "Other" isn't the right fit. Wait, looking at the classes again: Per is for individuals, Org for organizations, etc. The population is a collective noun, but not an organization. So perhaps "Other" is not correct. Wait, the example for "Other" is something like a smell, which is not a participant. The population is a group of people, so maybe it's a Per? But Per is for individuals. Wait, the definition says participants can be groups. But the class Per is for individuals. Maybe the population is considered as a group, but the classes don't have a specific category for groups. The closest might be "Other" or maybe "Per" if the population is considered as a collective individual. But I think the correct approach here is to check if there's a class that fits. Since there's no class for groups, maybe "Other" is the best fit. But I need to check the examples again. The example for "Other" is "um cheiro a queimado", which is a non-entity. The population is a group of people, which is a participant. So perhaps "Per" is not correct here. Alternatively, maybe "Other" is not the right class. Wait, looking at the classes again: the classes are Per, Org, Obj, Nat, Fac, Veh, Path, Pl_water, Pl_celestial, Pl_mountain, Pl_civil, Pl_country, Pl_mount_range, Pl_capital, Pl_region, Pl_state, Loc, Other. The population is a group of people, which is not an individual, so Per might not fit. The class "Org" is for organizations, but the population isn't an organization. So maybe "Other" is the right class here. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "Nat" if it's considered as a natural entity, but that's for animals, plants, etc. Hmm. This is tricky. Maybe the answer is "Other" with medium confidence.

"The river": This is a natural entity, so Nat class. Confidence 0.95.

"Muinha": This is a place. The classes include Pl_civil, Pl_region, etc. The text says "communal administrator of Muinha", which suggests Muinha is a local administrative area. So Pl_civil (a political region or administrative area, usually sub-national). Confidence 0.9.
</think>

<Output>[["Baptista Sambango", "Per", 0.95], ["The communal administrator", "Per", 0.95], ["The municipal administrator", "Per", 0.9], ["The population", "Other", 0.7], ["The river", "Nat", 0.95], ["Muinha", "Pl_civil", 0.9]]</Output>