<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "A Polícia Judiciária da Guiné-Bissau deteve no sábado um homem na posse de três quilogramas de cocaína, quando tentava embarcar num voo com destino a Lisboa, anunciou aquela força policial, em comunicado."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the entities involved in the event. The Polícia Judiciária da Guiné-Bissau is the one detaining someone, so that's a key participant. The man who was detained is another participant. The cocaine is an item involved, but the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. However, in the example, "o motor" was included, which is an object. So maybe items can be included if they are directly involved. But I need to check if the example includes objects. Looking back, the example output includes "o motor" and "um motor", so yes, objects can be participants if they are part of the event.

Next, the flight (voo) is mentioned as the means of transportation. The destination is Lisboa, which is a location. The communication is from "aquela força policial" which refers back to the Polícia Judiciária da Guiné-Bissau. Also, "em comunicado" refers to the official statement, but the entity here might be the police force again. 

So possible participants: 
- Polícia Judiciária da Guiné-Bissau (the detaining authority)
- o homem (the detained man)
- três quilogramas de cocaína (the cocaine)
- o voo (the flight)
- Lisboa (the destination)
- aquela força policial (same as the police)
- comunicado (the statement, but maybe not an entity, but the example includes "a agência Lusa", so maybe the source of the statement is included)

Wait, in the example, "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" are included. So in this case, "aquela força policial" is the same as "A Polícia Judiciária da Guiné-Bissau", so maybe that's redundant. Also, "em comunicado" might refer to the police force's official statement, but the entity here is the police again. 

So compiling the list:

1. "A Polícia Judiciária da Guiné-Bissau" – high confidence
2. "um homem" – high confidence
3. "três quilogramas de cocaína" – medium confidence (since it's an object involved)
4. "num voo" – the flight, but the exact name isn't given, so maybe "o voo" with lower confidence
5. "Lisboa" – destination, so participant
6. "aquela força policial" – same as the police, but maybe redundant, but the example includes "a mesma fonte", so maybe include with lower confidence
7. "em comunicado" – the statement, but the entity here is the police again, so maybe not necessary

Wait, the example includes "a agência Lusa", which is a source, so in this case, "aquela força policial" is the same as the police, so maybe it's redundant. However, the example also includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte", so maybe even if it's the same entity, it's included as a separate mention. So "aquela força policial" would be another mention of the police, but perhaps with lower confidence.

Also, "num voo" – the flight is an entity here, but since it's not named, just referred to as "voo", maybe "o voo" with lower confidence. But the example includes "a aeronave" and "aeronave", so even if not named, it's included.

So the list would be:

["A Polícia Judiciária da Guiné-Bissau", 0.95], ["um homem", 0.9], ["três quilogramas de cocaína", 0.8], ["num voo", 0.7], ["Lisboa", 0.9], ["aquela força policial", 0.8], ["em comunicado", 0.5] – but wait, "em comunicado" is a prepositional phrase, not an entity. Maybe that's not a participant. The example includes "a agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública", which are organizations. So "em comunicado" might not be an entity, but the police force is the one making the statement. So perhaps "aquela força policial" is the same as the police, so maybe redundant. 

Alternatively, maybe "comunicado" is part of the entity, but the example doesn't include that. So perhaps "comunicado" is not a participant. 

So adjusting:

["A Polícia Judiciária da Guiné-Bissau", 0.95], ["um homem", 0.9], ["três quilogramas de cocaína", 0.8], ["num voo", 0.7], ["Lisboa", 0.9], ["aquela força policial", 0.8]

But "num voo" is "a flight", so maybe "o voo" instead of "num voo". The original text says "num voo com destino a Lisboa", so "num voo" is the flight. So "o voo" would be the entity. But the exact name isn't given, so confidence is lower. 

Also, "três quilogramas de cocaína" is an object, but in the example, "o motor" is included, so that's acceptable. 

So the final list would include all these entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["A Polícia Judiciária da Guiné-Bissau", 0.95], ["um homem", 0.9], ["três quilogramas de cocaína", 0.8], ["num voo", 0.7], ["Lisboa", 0.9], ["aquela força policial", 0.8]]