<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Segundo o comunicado, o homem, um cidadão luso-guineense, transportava a droga dissimulada na sua cintura e foi detido no aeroporto internacional Osvaldo Vieira, em Bissau."

Breaking it down, the main event is a man being detained at an airport for drug trafficking. The participants here would be the man, the drug, the airport, and possibly the authorities involved in the detention. 

Starting with "o homem" – that's clearly a participant, the person involved. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95. Then "um cidadão luso-guineense" – this is a description of the man, so it's the same entity, but the phrasing is different. Should I include both? The example output included different mentions of the same entity, like "Avião" and "Um avião". So maybe I should list both, but check if they are distinct. However, "o homem" and "um cidadão luso-guineense" refer to the same person, so perhaps they should be considered the same entity. But the example included "Avião" and "Um avião" as separate entries. Hmm, maybe the user wants all mentions, even if they refer to the same entity. So I'll include both.

Next, "a droga" – the drug being transported. That's a participant as it's involved in the event. Confidence around 0.9.

Then "aeroporto internacional Osvaldo Vieira" – the airport where the detention happened. Definitely a participant. Confidence 0.95.

"Bissau" is the location of the airport. Should that be included? The example included "Lisboa" multiple times. So yes, "Bissau" as a location is a participant. Confidence 0.85.

What about "o comunicado"? The example didn't include the source of information like "à agência Lusa", but in the input, "Segundo o comunicado" is a source. However, in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were included. So maybe "o comunicado" is a participant here. But the example didn't include it. Wait, in the example input, the source was "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" were included. So maybe "o comunicado" is not a participant but just a source. However, the user's definition says participants can be entities that are impacted or involved. The communicado itself isn't an entity, but the source might be. But in this case, the input doesn't mention a specific source, just "Segundo o comunicado". So maybe "o comunicado" isn't a participant. I'll skip that.

So the participants are: o homem, um cidadão luso-guineense, a droga, aeroporto internacional Osvaldo Vieira, Bissau. Wait, but "aeroporto internacional Osvaldo Vieira" includes "em Bissau", so maybe "Bissau" is part of the airport's name. But in the example, "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado, em Lisboa" was split into "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" and "Lisboa". So here, "aeroporto internacional Osvaldo Vieira" and "Bissau" would be separate. So I'll list both.

Confidence scores: "o homem" 0.95, "um cidadão luso-guineense" 0.9 (since it's a descriptor but same entity), "a droga" 0.9, "aeroporto internacional Osvaldo Vieira" 0.95, "Bissau" 0.85. 

Wait, but in the example, "os aeroportos" was included as a participant. So even if it's a plural, it's still a participant. Here, "aeroporto internacional Osvaldo Vieira" is singular, so that's one entity. "Bissau" is the city. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The man is the main participant, the drug he was carrying, the airport, and the city where the airport is located. No other entities mentioned. The authorities aren't mentioned here, just that he was detained. So the detention is an action, but the authorities aren't named. So they aren't participants in this case. 

So the final list would be those five entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["o homem", 0.95], ["um cidadão luso-guineense", 0.9], ["a droga", 0.9], ["aeroporto internacional Osvaldo Vieira", 0.95], ["Bissau", 0.85]]