<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., and they might be mentioned explicitly or inferred.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "No âmbito daquela detenção, a PJ deteve igualmente três homens por alegado envolvimento na "aquisição, entrega e facilitação na introdução" da droga no interior do aeroporto."

Breaking this down, the main entities here are the ones involved in the detention. The text mentions "a PJ" which is the Polícia Judiciária (Judicial Police) in Portugal. Then there are "três homens" (three men) who were detained. The reason for their detention is alleged involvement in drug-related activities, but the participants are the ones actively involved, so the PJ and the three men.

Wait, the example output included entities like "a PJ", "três homens", and maybe others. Let me check the example again. In the example given, they included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc. So in this case, "a PJ" is an organization, "três homens" are individuals. The other parts like "aquisição, entrega e facilitação" are actions, not participants. "no interior do aeroporto" refers to the location, but the aeroporto itself isn't a participant unless it's an entity involved. However, the aeroporto here is just the location where the drug introduction happened, so it's not a participant. The participants are the ones taking actions: the PJ (detaining) and the three men (being detained). 

So the entities would be "a PJ", "três homens", and maybe "a droga" if it's considered an entity, but the definition says participants are those involved in or impacted by the event. The drug is part of the action but not an entity that's a participant. So probably just the two entities: "a PJ" and "três homens". 

Confidence: "a PJ" is explicitly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). "três homens" is also explicitly stated, so 0.9. Are there any others? The text mentions "a droga" but that's the object, not a participant. The aeroporto is a location, not a participant. So the final list should be these two entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["a PJ", 0.95], ["três homens", 0.9]]