<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" were included, so I need to be thorough.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is: "The GNR Coastal Control Unit (UCC) seized 785 kilos of hashish on Sunday and detained two men when they were transshipping the narcotic product between two vessels off Olhão (Algarve), it was announced today."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. GNR Coastal Control Unit (UCC) – this is an organization, definitely a participant as they are the ones seizing the drugs.
2. 785 kilos of hashish – the narcotic product, but wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The hashish is the object, not an entity acting. Maybe not a participant. Hmm, the example included "engine" as a participant, but that was part of the plane's issue. Maybe in this case, the hashish is a product involved, but not a participant. The example had "engine" as a participant, but here, the hashish is the item being seized. So perhaps it's not a participant. Need to check the example again. In the example, "engine" was included, but that was part of the event's cause. Maybe the hashish is part of the event, but not a participant. Let me think. The participants are the ones involved in the action. The hashish is the object of the seizure, so maybe not a participant. So I'll skip it.

Next, "two men" – they were detained, so they are participants as victims or subjects of the action. So "two men" is a participant.

"two vessels" – they were involved in transshipping the product, so they are participants.

"Olhão (Algarve)" – location, but the definition includes entities impacted. However, locations are sometimes considered as part of the event's context. The example included "Lisbon" as a participant. Wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was included as a participant. So maybe locations are considered participants if they are directly involved. So "Olhão (Algarve)" is a location where the event happened, so it's a participant.

"GNR Coastal Control Unit (UCC)" – already mentioned. Also, the "(UCC)" is part of the name, so that's included.

"it was announced today" – the source of the announcement. The example included "Lusa." and "source", so here "it" might refer to the announcement, but the source isn't explicitly named. The example had "a Public Security Police source" as a participant. Here, the source is not named, just "it was announced today." So maybe "it" is not a participant. The example included "source" as a participant even if not named. Wait, in the example, "source" was included. So in this case, "it" might refer to the announcement, but the source isn't specified. So maybe "it" isn't a participant. Alternatively, if the source is implied, but since it's not named, perhaps not. The example had "source" as a participant even if it was "a Public Security Police source" – so the source is an entity. Here, the source is "it was announced today," but the entity isn't named. So maybe not. So I'll skip that.

So compiling the list:

- GNR Coastal Control Unit (UCC)
- two men
- two vessels
- Olhão (Algarve)
- Also, the narcotic product (hashish) was mentioned, but earlier I thought not. However, in the example, "engine" was included as a participant. The hashish is part of the event, so maybe it's a participant. Wait, the example included "engine" as a participant. So perhaps the hashish is a participant here. But the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The hashish is the object of the seizure, so it's involved. So maybe include "785 kilos of hashish" as a participant. But in the example, "engine" was included, but the user's example output had "engine" as a participant. However, in the example, "engine" was part of the event's cause. So maybe in this case, the hashish is a participant. But the user's example output included "engine" as a participant. So maybe I should include it here. However, the user's example output had "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entries. So perhaps the hashish is a participant here. But I need to check the definition again. The definition says participants are entities that are actively involved in or impacted by an event. The hashish is the object being seized, so it's involved. So maybe include it. But the example didn't include the quantity, just "engine" and "a stopped engine". So maybe the quantity is part of the entity. So "785 kilos of hashish" would be the entity. But the example included "engine" as a participant. So I think I should include it here.

Wait, but the example output had entries like "engine", "a stopped engine", "the aircraft", etc. So the hashish is a product, but the example included "engine" as a participant. So in this case, "785 kilos of hashish" is a participant. But the user's example output included "engine" as a participant. So I think that's acceptable. So I'll include "785 kilos of hashish" as a participant.

Also, the "narcotic product" is mentioned, but that's a synonym for hashish. So maybe "narcotic product" is redundant, but the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entries. So perhaps both are included. But in the input, it's "narcotic product" and "hashish" – so maybe "narcotic product" is a participant. However, the example didn't include synonyms, just the exact terms. So maybe only "785 kilos of hashish" is included.

Also, the "GNR Coastal Control Unit (UCC)" is the organization. The example included "airline Jota Aviation" and "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" as participants. So here, the GNR Coastal Control Unit (UCC) is a participant.

So compiling all possible participants:

1. GNR Coastal Control Unit (UCC)
2. 785 kilos of hashish
3. two men
4. two vessels
5. Olhão (Algarve)
6. The announcement source? But the example included "source" even if not named. Wait, in the example, "source" was included as a participant. Here, the source is "it was announced today," but the source isn't named. So maybe "it" is not a participant. The example had "source" as a participant even if it was "a Public Security Police source" – so the source is an entity. Here, the source is not named, so maybe not. So I'll skip that.

Now, checking the example again. The example output included "airport" as a participant. So locations are included. So "Olhão (Algarve)" is a location, so it's a participant.

So the list would be:

["GNR Coastal Control Unit (UCC)", "785 kilos of hashish", "two men", "two vessels", "Olhão (Algarve)"]

But wait, the example included "engine" as a participant even though it's a part of the plane's issue. So maybe "narcotic product" is also a participant. However, in the input, "narcotic product" is used as a synonym for hashish. So maybe it's redundant. But the example included both "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entries. So perhaps "narcotic product" is a separate entity. However, in the input, it's "the narcotic product" which refers to the hashish. So maybe "narcotic product" is a participant. But the example didn't include synonyms, just the exact terms. So perhaps not. So I'll stick with "785 kilos of hashish".

Now, confidence levels. For "GNR Coastal Control Unit (UCC)", confidence is high, maybe 0.95. "785 kilos of hashish" is 0.8. "two men" is 0.9. "two vessels" is 0.8. "Olhão (Algarve)" is 0.9. The example included "Lisbon" with confidence 0.9. So similar here.

Wait, the example output had entries like "airport" with confidence 0.9. So I'll assign similar confidence levels.
</think>

[["GNR Coastal Control Unit (UCC)", 0.95], ["785 kilos of hashish", 0.8], ["two men", 0.9], ["two vessels", 0.8], ["Olhão (Algarve)", 0.9]]