<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is about a maritime interception. The key parts are "UCC maritime resources", "the vessel that was receiving the narcotic product", "two crew members", "fiber vessel", "five meters in length", "arrested". 

Starting with "UCC maritime resources" – that's likely an organization or group involved. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.9. Then "the vessel" – the one that was intercepted. But the text mentions "the vessel that was receiving the narcotic product", so that's a specific entity. Maybe "the vessel" and "fiber vessel" are the same. But the fiber vessel is described as measuring five meters, so that's a detail. 

The two crew members are individuals, aged 24 and 26. They were arrested, so they are participants. Their ages might not be part of the entity name, just the fact that they are crew members. 

"the narcotic product" – is that a participant? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The product is the object here, not an entity, so maybe not. 

"the vessel that was receiving the narcotic product" – the vessel is the entity. But the text also mentions "fiber vessel, measuring around five meters in length". So "fiber vessel" might be the name or type of the vessel. 

"the two crew members" – individuals, so they are participants. 

"UCC maritime resources" – probably an organization, so that's a participant. 

"the vessel" and "fiber vessel" – are they the same? The text says "the vessel that was receiving... was intercepted" and "fiber vessel, measuring around five meters in length". So maybe "fiber vessel" is the type, but the actual vessel is the one intercepted. However, the way it's written, "the vessel that was receiving... was intercepted while still at sea" and "the fiber vessel... were arrested". So the crew members are from the fiber vessel. 

So participants would be: UCC maritime resources, the vessel (intercepted), the two crew members, fiber vessel, and maybe the narcotic product? Wait, the product is the item being transported, but not an entity. The vessel is the main entity here. 

Also, "the vessel that was receiving the narcotic product" – that's a description, but the actual entity is the vessel. 

So entities: UCC maritime resources (organization), the vessel (intercepted), the two crew members (individuals), fiber vessel (type of vessel?), but the fiber vessel is the same as the vessel intercepted? Maybe "fiber vessel" is the name or type. 

Wait, the text says "the vessel that was receiving the narcotic product was intercepted... the two crew members... of the fiber vessel...". So the fiber vessel is the vessel that was intercepted. So "fiber vessel" is the name or type of the vessel. So "fiber vessel" is an entity. 

So participants would be: UCC maritime resources, the vessel (intercepted), the two crew members, fiber vessel. 

Wait, but the vessel is the same as the fiber vessel. So maybe "the vessel" and "fiber vessel" are the same entity. But in the input, they are mentioned separately. So perhaps both are included. 

Also, the ages of the crew members (24 and 26) – but the entity is the crew members, not their ages. 

Confidence scores: UCC maritime resources is definitely an organization, so 0.95. The vessel and fiber vessel – maybe 0.8 each. The two crew members – 0.9. 

Wait, the example output included "the same source" as an entity. So in this case, "the vessel" and "fiber vessel" might be considered separate entities if they are mentioned as different phrases. But if they refer to the same thing, maybe they should be merged. However, the user's example didn't merge them, so perhaps we should list them as separate entities even if they refer to the same thing. 

So the output would be:

["UCC maritime resources", 0.95], ["the vessel that was receiving the narcotic product", 0.8], ["the two crew members", 0.9], ["fiber vessel", 0.8], ["the vessel", 0.8], ["the narcotic product", 0.5], ["the two crew members, aged 24 and 26", 0.85], ["five meters in length", 0.3] – wait, but "five meters in length" is a description, not an entity. So probably not. 

Wait, the example output included "the airports" as an entity. So maybe "fiber vessel" is an entity. The "narcotic product" is an object, not a participant. The "vessel" is the main entity. 

So final list:

["UCC maritime resources", 0.95], ["the vessel that was receiving the narcotic product", 0.8], ["the two crew members", 0.9], ["fiber vessel", 0.8], ["the vessel", 0.8], ["the two crew members, aged 24 and 26", 0.85]. 

But need to check if "the two crew members" and "the two crew members, aged 24 and 26" are the same. The latter is more specific, but the former is the entity. Maybe just "the two crew members" with the age as part of the description. 

Alternatively, the example output included "the same source" as an entity. So in this case, "the two crew members" and "the two crew members, aged 24 and 26" might be considered the same, but the age is just additional info. So perhaps just "the two crew members" with confidence 0.9. 

Also, "fiber vessel" is a type of vessel, but the actual vessel is the one intercepted. However, the text says "the two crew members... of the fiber vessel", so "fiber vessel" is the vessel they are part of. So "fiber vessel" is the entity. 

So the final list would be:

["UCC maritime resources", 0.95], ["the vessel that was receiving the narcotic product", 0.8], ["the two crew members", 0.9], ["fiber vessel", 0.8], ["the vessel", 0.8]. 

But the example output included "the airports" as an entity, so maybe "the vessel" and "fiber vessel" are both included. Also, "the vessel that was receiving the narcotic product" is a more specific description of the vessel. 

I think that's it. Now, converting this into the required JSON format with confidence scores.
</think>

[["UCC maritime resources", 0.95], ["the vessel that was receiving the narcotic product", 0.8], ["the two crew members", 0.9], ["fiber vessel", 0.8], ["the vessel", 0.8], ["the two crew members, aged 24 and 26", 0.85], ["five meters in length", 0.3]]