<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the example provided, they included entities like "Avião", "o motor", "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", etc., with confidence scores. So, I need to identify all such entities in the new input.

The input is: "A fiscalização marítima moçambicana apreendeu 1.100 quilos de caranguejo, no centro do país, em menos de uma semana, capturado na "época de veda", quando é proibido apanhar a espécie, disse hoje à Lusa fonte das autoridades."

Breaking it down:

1. "fiscalização marítima moçambicana" – This is the entity conducting the seizure. It's a group or organization, so that's a participant. Confidence might be high here since it's explicitly stated.

2. "caranguejo" – The crab being seized. It's an object involved, but is it a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. Since the crab is the subject of the seizure, maybe it's considered a participant. But I'm not sure. Maybe the answer includes it, but I'll check the example again. In the previous example, "o motor" was included. So maybe objects involved are included. So "caranguejo" would be a participant.

3. "no centro do país" – This is a location, but not an entity. The example included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as entities. So "centro do país" might be too vague, but "país" (country) could be an entity. Wait, the example had "os aeroportos" as an entity. So maybe "país" is a participant here? But "centro do país" is a location, not an entity. Hmm, maybe not. The example included "Lisboa" as a participant, which is a city. So maybe "país" (country) is also a participant. But "centro do país" is a location, not an entity. So perhaps not.

4. "em menos de uma semana" – This is a time frame, not an entity.

5. "época de veda" – This is a period when fishing is prohibited. It's a concept, not an entity. So maybe not a participant.

6. "à Lusa" – This refers to the Lusa news agency. So "Lusa" is an organization, a participant. Confidence high.

7. "fonte das autoridades" – This is a source from the authorities. The term "fonte" (source) is mentioned, and "autoridades" (authorities). So "fonte" and "autoridades" might be participants. But in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were included. So "fonte das autoridades" could be considered as "fonte" and "autoridades" as separate entities. However, the exact phrasing is "fonte das autoridades", which is a source from the authorities. So maybe "fonte" and "autoridades" are both participants. But the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So here, "fonte das autoridades" might be split into "fonte" and "autoridades".

8. "Moçambique" – The country is mentioned in "fiscalização marítima moçambicana", so "Moçambique" is the country, which is an entity. But in the input, it's part of "fiscalização marítima moçambicana", so maybe "Moçambique" is a participant. However, the example didn't include countries unless they were part of a specific entity. For example, "Inglaterra" was included in the previous example. So "Moçambique" would be a participant here.

Wait, the input says "fiscalização marítima moçambicana" – the Mozambican maritime inspection. So "Moçambique" is the country, but the entity here is the inspection, which is part of the country's authorities. However, the example included "Lisboa" as a participant, which is a city. So maybe "Moçambique" is a participant here as the country involved.

But I need to be careful. The example included "Lisboa" as a participant, which is a city. Similarly, "Inglaterra" was included as a participant. So in this case, "Moçambique" would be a participant. However, in the input, the country is mentioned as part of the inspection's name. So "fiscalização marítima moçambicana" is the entity, and "Moçambique" is the country. But the example included "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant, which is a specific airport. So maybe "fiscalização marítima moçambicana" is the main entity here, and "Moçambique" is part of it. However, the example included "Lisboa" as a participant even though it was part of the airport name. So perhaps "Moçambique" should be included as a participant here.

But the input doesn't explicitly mention "Moçambique" as a separate entity. It's part of "fiscalização marítima moçambicana". So maybe "fiscalização marítima moçambicana" is the entity, and "Moçambique" is not a separate participant. However, in the example, "Lisboa" was included as a participant even though it was part of the airport name. So maybe "Moçambique" should be included as a participant here.

Alternatively, maybe "fiscalização marítima moçambicana" is the entity, and "Moçambique" is not a separate participant. But the example included "Lisboa" as a participant, which is a city. So in this case, "Moçambique" is a country, so it's a participant. But the input doesn't explicitly say "Moçambique", it's part of the inspection's name. Hmm, this is a bit ambiguous.

Let me check the example again. In the example, "Lisboa" was included as a participant even though it was part of the airport name. So "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was included, and "Lisboa" was also included. So in this case, "Moçambique" is part of the inspection's name, but the country itself is a participant. So "Moçambique" should be included as a participant here.

But the input doesn't explicitly mention "Moçambique" as a separate entity. It's part of the inspection's name. However, the example included "Lisboa" as a participant even though it was part of the airport name. So perhaps "Moçambique" should be included here.

Alternatively, maybe "fiscalização marítima moçambicana" is the entity, and "Moçambique" is not a separate participant. But the example included "Lisboa" as a participant even though it was part of the airport name. So maybe "Moçambique" should be included as a participant here.

This is a bit tricky. Let's proceed with the entities that are explicitly mentioned or clearly implied.

So, the participants would be:

- "fiscalização marítima moçambicana" (the entity conducting the seizure)
- "caranguejo" (the crab, as the object involved)
- "Lusa" (the news agency)
- "fonte das autoridades" (the source from the authorities)
- "autoridades" (authorities)
- "Moçambique" (the country, as part of the inspection's name)
- "época de veda" (the period when fishing is prohibited, but this is a concept, not an entity. Maybe not included)
- "centro do país" (location, but not an entity. Maybe not included)
- "país" (country, but the input says "centro do país", so "país" is not explicitly mentioned. So maybe not included)

Wait, the input says "no centro do país", which is "in the center of the country". The country is not explicitly named here, but the country is Mozambique, as per the inspection's name. However, the input doesn't mention "Moçambique" explicitly here. So "centro do país" is a location, but the country is not named. So maybe "país" is not a participant here.

So, the main participants are:

1. "fiscalização marítima moçambicana" – high confidence
2. "caranguejo" – medium confidence (since it's the object being seized)
3. "Lusa" – high confidence
4. "fonte das autoridades" – high confidence
5. "autoridades" – high confidence
6. "Moçambique" – medium confidence (since it's part of the inspection's name but not explicitly mentioned as a separate entity)

But the example included "Lisboa" as a participant even though it was part of the airport name. So "Moçambique" should be included here as a participant. However, the input doesn't explicitly mention "Moçambique" as a separate entity. It's part of the inspection's name. So maybe "fiscalização marítima moçambicana" is the entity, and "Moçambique" is not a separate participant. But the example included "Lisboa" as a participant even though it was part of the airport name. So perhaps "Moçambique" should be included here.

Alternatively, maybe "fiscalização marítima moçambicana" is the entity, and "Moçambique" is not a separate participant. But the example included "Lisboa" as a participant even though it was part of the airport name. So in that case, "Moçambique" should be included as a participant here.

This is a bit confusing. Let's proceed with the entities that are explicitly mentioned or clearly implied. The example included "Lisboa" as a participant even though it was part of the airport name. So in this case, "Moçambique" is part of the inspection's name, so it's a participant. Therefore, "Moçambique" should be included.

So the list would be:

["fiscalização marítima moçambicana", 0.9], ["caranguejo", 0.7], ["Lusa", 0.9], ["fonte das autoridades", 0.8], ["autoridades", 0.8], ["Moçambique", 0.7]

But wait, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. In this input, "fonte das autoridades" is mentioned once, so maybe "fonte" and "autoridades" are separate. But the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate. So here, "fonte das autoridades" is a single mention, so maybe "fonte" and "autoridades" are both participants. However, the exact phrase is "fonte das autoridades", which is a source from the authorities. So "fonte" and "autoridades" are both participants. But the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So here, "fonte" and "autoridades" would be separate.

So adjusting that:

["fiscalização marítima moçambicana", 0.9], ["caranguejo", 0.7], ["Lusa", 0.9], ["fonte", 0.8], ["autoridades", 0.8], ["Moçambique", 0.7]

But the input says "fonte das autoridades", which is a single entity. However, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So maybe "fonte" is a participant here, and "autoridades" is another. But the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate, but in this case, it's "fonte das autoridades", which is a source from the authorities. So "fonte" and "autoridades" are both participants.

Alternatively, "fonte das autoridades" is a single entity, but the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate. So maybe "fonte" is a participant here, and "autoridades" is another.

This is getting a bit complicated. Let's check the example again. In the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were included as separate entries. So in this case, "fonte das autoridades" is a single mention, so "fonte" and "autoridades" are both participants. Therefore, they should be included as separate entries.

So the final list would be:

["fiscalização marítima moçambicana", 0.9], ["caranguejo", 0.7], ["Lusa", 0.9], ["fonte", 0.8], ["autoridades", 0.8], ["Moçambique", 0.7]

But I need to make sure that all entities are included. Also, the example included "Lisboa" even though it was part of the airport name. So "Moçambique" should be included here as a participant.

Another thing: the input mentions "fiscalização marítima moçambicana", which is the Mozambican maritime inspection. So "fiscalização marítima" is the entity, and "moçambicana" is an adjective. But the example included "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant. So the full name is the entity. Therefore, "fiscalização marítima moçambicana" is the entity.

So the final list would be:

["fiscalização marítima moçambicana", 0.9], ["caranguejo", 0.7], ["Lusa", 0.9], ["fonte", 0.8], ["autoridades", 0.8], ["Moçambique", 0.7]

I think that's it. Now, I need to format this into a JSON array with each element as a list of two values: the entity and the confidence score.
</think>

[["fiscalização marítima moçambicana", 0.9], ["caranguejo", 0.7], ["Lusa", 0.9], ["fonte", 0.8], ["autoridades", 0.8], ["Moçambique", 0.7]]