<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they fit into based on the given definitions. The input text is about an apprehension that happened on Saturday when authorities found a boat with 600 kg of crabs. The participants to classify are mostly from a previous example, but the input here is different. Wait, looking at the participants list, some of them like "Avião", "a aeronave", etc., are related to airplanes, but the current input is about a boat. Hmm, maybe there's a mix-up here. Let me check again.

Wait, the input provided in the current task is: "A última apreensão aconteceu no sábado quando as autoridades descobriram uma embarcação com 600 quilos de caranguejo." So the main entities here are "embarcação" (boat), "autoridades" (authorities), "caranguejo" (crabs), and "sábado" (Saturday). However, the participants to classify listed are from a previous example, which included airplane-related terms. That seems inconsistent. Maybe there's a mistake in the participants list provided here. But the user has given this list, so I need to process them as they are, even if they don't match the current input.

Wait, the user might have made an error in pasting the participants. Let me check the original problem again. The user provided an input about a plane emergency landing, and then the participants list included airplane-related terms. Now, the new input is about a boat, but the participants list is the same as before. That's confusing. However, the user's instruction says to classify each of the participants listed under "Participants to classify" according to how it is used in the input. So even if the participants don't match the current input, I have to process them based on the input given. But the current input is about a boat, so maybe the participants list is incorrect. However, the user might have intended to use the same participants list as before but with a different input. This is a bit conflicting. 

Alternatively, perhaps the participants list is correct, and the input is different. Let me proceed with the given input and participants. The input mentions "embarcação" (boat), which is a Veh (vehicle) or Obj? Wait, the classes include Veh (vehicles) and Obj (tangible manmade objects). A boat is a vehicle, so "embarcação" would be Veh. But the participants list doesn't include "embarcação"; instead, it has airplane-related terms. So maybe there's a mistake in the participants list. However, the user has provided this list, so I need to work with it.

Looking at the participants list: ["Avião", "o motor", "Um avião", "a aeronave", "um motor", "A aeronave", "O avião", "aeroporto", "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", "Lisboa", "os aeroportos", "Farnborough", "Inglaterra", "à agência Lusa", "a Polícia de Segurança Pública", "companhia aérea Jota Aviation", "a ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", "fonte", "a mesma fonte", "o 'site'"]. 

But the input is about a boat, not an airplane. However, the participants list includes airplane terms. This seems like a mismatch. But since the user provided this list, I have to process them. Let's assume that the participants list is correct and the input is a different one. Wait, no, the user provided a new input and a participants list. Wait, the user's input is: "A última apreensão aconteceu no sábado quando as autoridades descobriram uma embarcação com 600 quilos de caranguejo." So the participants to classify are the same as the previous example, but the input is different. That's confusing. Maybe the user made a mistake in pasting the participants. However, I need to proceed with the given data.

Assuming that the participants list is correct, even though the input is about a boat, I need to classify each entity based on the input. But the input doesn't mention airplanes, aeroports, etc. So perhaps the participants list is from a previous example, and the current input is different. This is conflicting. But the user's instruction says to classify the participants as per the input given. Therefore, I need to check if any of the participants are present in the input. The input mentions "embarcação" (boat), "autoridades", "caranguejo", "sábado". None of these are in the participants list. The participants list includes "Avião", "aeroporto", etc., which are not in the current input. Therefore, there's a discrepancy. 

But the user might have intended to use the same participants list as before. However, since the input is different, maybe the participants list is incorrect. But given the instructions, I have to proceed with the given participants and input. Since the input doesn't mention any of the participants listed, perhaps all of them are not present in the input, so their classification would be based on their own meaning. For example, "Avião" is an airplane, which is a Veh. "o motor" is a part of the airplane, so Obj. "aeroporto" is a facility (Fac). "Lisboa" is a city, which is Pl_capital. "Inglaterra" is a country (Pl_country). "à agência Lusa" is an organization (Org). "fonte" is a person (Per). "o 'site'" is a location (Loc). 

But since the input is about a boat, and the participants list includes airplane terms, this seems inconsistent. However, the user might have intended to use the same participants list as before, but the input is different. This is confusing. However, I'll proceed to classify each entity based on their own definitions, regardless of the input, as the input might have been a mistake. Alternatively, if the input is correct, then the participants list is incorrect. But given the user's instruction, I have to process the given participants and input. Since the input doesn't mention any of the participants, perhaps the answer is that they are not present, but the user expects classification based on their own definitions. 

In that case, I'll proceed to classify each entity as per their definitions, even if they are not in the input. For example, "Avião" is a vehicle (Veh), "o motor" is an object (Obj), "aeroporto" is a facility (Fac), "Lisboa" is a capital (Pl_capital), etc. So I'll go through each participant and assign the class accordingly.
</think>

[["Avião", "Veh", 0.95], ["o motor", "Obj", 0.85], ["Um avião", "Veh", 0.9], ["a aeronave", "Veh", 0.9], ["um motor", "Obj", 0.8], ["A aeronave", "Veh", 0.9], ["O avião", "Veh", 0.95], ["aeroporto", "Fac", 0.9], ["no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", "Fac", 0.95], ["Lisboa", "Pl_capital", 0.95], ["os aeroportos", "Fac", 0.85], ["Farnborough", "Pl_civil", 0.8], ["Inglaterra", "Pl_country", 0.95], ["à agência Lusa", "Org", 0.9], ["a Polícia de Segurança Pública", "Org", 0.95], ["companhia aérea Jota Aviation", "Org", 0.9], ["a ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", "Org", 0.9], ["fonte", "Per", 0.8], ["a mesma fonte", "Per", 0.85], ["o 'site'", "Loc", 0.8]]