<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is in Portuguese, so I'll need to parse it accurately. The input is: "No sábado, os tripulantes abandonaram o barco, fundeado nos arredores da cidade da Beira, centro de Moçambique, quando se aperceberam da chegada dos fiscais."

Breaking it down:

- "os tripulantes" (the crew members) – they are the ones who abandoned the boat. Definitely a participant.
- "o barco" (the boat) – the boat was abandoned, so it's involved.
- "os arredores da cidade da Beira" – the surroundings of the city of Beira. But "arredores" is a location, so maybe "Beira" is the main entity here.
- "centro de Moçambique" – the center of Mozambique. But "Moçambique" is the country, so that's a participant.
- "os fiscais" (the officials) – they arrived, so they are participants.

Wait, the example output included things like "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants. So even locations are considered participants if they are involved in the event. So in this case, "Beira" and "Moçambique" would be participants. Also, "os tripulantes" and "os fiscais" are groups of people, so they are participants. The boat is an object involved, so that's a participant too.

Now, checking for repetitions. The example had multiple mentions of the same entity, like "Avião" and "o motor" appearing multiple times. In this input, "os tripulantes" is mentioned once, "o barco" once, "os fiscais" once. "Beira" and "Moçambique" are mentioned once each. The phrase "centro de Moçambique" might be redundant, but "Moçambique" is the main entity here.

Confidence scores: I need to assign a number between 0 and 1. For "os tripulantes" and "os fiscais", they are explicitly mentioned as actors, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. "o barco" is the object involved, so 0.9. "Beira" and "Moçambique" are locations, so 0.85 each. The "centro de Moçambique" might be a bit redundant, but since "Moçambique" is already included, maybe "centro" isn't a separate entity. The "arredores da cidade da Beira" – "arredores" is the surroundings, but the main location is Beira, so I think "Beira" is sufficient. 

So the final list would be:

["os tripulantes", 0.95], ["o barco", 0.9], ["Beira", 0.85], ["Moçambique", 0.85], ["os fiscais", 0.95]

Wait, but in the example, they included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as separate entities. So in this case, "Beira" is a city, "Moçambique" is the country. Both are participants. The "centro de Moçambique" might be a way to refer to the country's center, but the country itself is the main entity. So I think that's correct. Also, "os fiscais" are the officials arriving, so they are participants. The boat is the object involved, so included. The tripulantes are the ones taking action, so they are definitely participants.

I think that's all. Let me check again for any other possible entities. The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations or specific names, just the locations and the groups mentioned. So the list should be as above.
</think>

[["os tripulantes", 0.95], ["o barco", 0.9], ["Beira", 0.85], ["Moçambique", 0.85], ["os fiscais", 0.95]]