<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "A embarcação foi confiscada e os caranguejos, dissimulados em caixas, foram posteriormente devolvidos ao seu habitat natural, no mangal do rio Maria, arredores da capital provincial de Sofala."

Breaking it down, the main events are the confiscation of the boat and the return of the crabs to their natural habitat. Let's identify the participants here.

Starting with "A embarcação" – that's the boat, which was confiscated. So "embarcação" is a participant. Then "os caranguejos" – the crabs, which were returned. Next, "caixas" – boxes, but they are just containers here, not active participants. The habitat is "mangal do rio Maria" – the mangrove of the Maria River. Then "capital provincial de Sofala" – the provincial capital of Sofala. 

Wait, are these locations considered participants? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The mangrove and the capital are locations where the actions happened, but are they considered participants? The example included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants, so maybe places are included if they are directly involved. 

So "mangal do rio Maria" and "capital provincial de Sofala" might be participants. Also, "Sofala" itself is mentioned as the provincial capital, so maybe that's a separate entity. 

Looking at the example output, they included "aeroporto", "Lisboa", "os aeroportos", etc. So places are included. So in this case, "mangal do rio Maria" and "capital provincial de Sofala" would be participants. 

Also, "confiscada" – the confiscation was done by an authority, but the text doesn't mention who confiscated the boat. The example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants, which were sources. Here, the authority isn't named, so maybe not included. 

So the participants would be: embarcação, caranguejos, mangal do rio Maria, capital provincial de Sofala, and maybe "Sofala" as a location. Wait, "capital provincial de Sofala" is the full name, so that's one entity. Also, "rio Maria" is part of the mangal's name. 

Confidence scores: "embarcação" and "caranguejos" are definitely participants, so high confidence (0.9 or 1.0). The locations might be a bit lower since they are places, but the example included them. "mangal do rio Maria" is a specific location, so 0.8. "capital provincial de Sofala" is a place, so 0.7. Maybe "Sofala" alone isn't mentioned, but the full name is there. 

Wait, the example included "Lisboa" multiple times, so even if it's a city, it's included. So here, "capital provincial de Sofala" is a participant. Also, "rio Maria" might be a separate entity, but in the example, "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was included as a participant. So "mangal do rio Maria" is a specific location, so that's one entity. 

So compiling the list: ["embarcação", "os caranguejos", "mangal do rio Maria", "capital provincial de Sofala"]. 

Wait, the example included "a aeronave" and "o avião" as separate entities. So in this case, "embarcação" and "a embarcação" might be considered the same, but the input uses "A embarcação" and "os caranguejos". So maybe "embarcação" and "os caranguejos" are the main entities. 

Also, "caixas" – the boxes. Are they participants? The crabs were hidden in boxes, but the boxes themselves are not active participants. So probably not. 

So the final list would be: "embarcação", "os caranguejos", "mangal do rio Maria", "capital provincial de Sofala". 

Confidence scores: "embarcação" is 0.95, "os caranguejos" 0.95, "mangal do rio Maria" 0.8, "capital provincial de Sofala" 0.8. 

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was included multiple times. So maybe "Sofala" is also included as a separate entity? The input says "capital provincial de Sofala", so that's the full name. But "Sofala" is the city. However, the example included "Lisboa" as a city, so maybe "Sofala" is included as well. But in the input, it's "capital provincial de Sofala", which is a specific title. So maybe that's the entity. 

Alternatively, "capital provincial de Sofala" is the entity, and "Sofala" is part of it. But the example included "Lisboa" as a city, so maybe "Sofala" is included. However, the input doesn't mention "Sofala" alone, only as part of the capital. So perhaps "capital provincial de Sofala" is the entity. 

So the final answer would be the four entities listed above with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["embarcação", 0.95], ["os caranguejos", 0.95], ["mangal do rio Maria", 0.8], ["capital provincial de Sofala", 0.8]]