<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to classify each of the participants in the given input. The input is "Man arrested on suspicion of arson in building in Espinho". The participants to classify are ["Man", "arson", "building", "Espinho"].

First, I'll go through each term one by one.

Starting with "Man". That's a person, right? The subject here is a person being arrested. So the class should be Person.

Next is "arson". Arson is an action or a crime, not a physical object. But looking at the classes provided, there's Object, Nature, etc. Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Arson is a type of crime, which might fall under "Other" or maybe "Nature"? Hmm, but "Nature" might refer to natural elements. Alternatively, "arson" is an action, not an entity. Maybe "Other" is the best fit here since it's not a person, organization, object, location, facility, or nature.

Then "building". A building is a structure, which would be a Facility. The class "Facility" includes buildings, so that's probably correct.

Lastly, "Espinho". That's a place name. In the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which I think stands for "Place - capital". Since Espinho is a city in Portugal, it's a location. So the class should be Location, maybe "Pl_city" or similar. But the example used "Pl_capital" for Lisbon, which is a capital city. However, Espinho might not be a capital. Wait, the example had "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital" even though it's a city. Maybe the classification is more about the type of location. But the exact class labels in the example were "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", "Pl_country", etc. But in the current task, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Wait, the user's instruction says the classes are those seven, but in the example output, they used more specific labels like "Pl_capital" under Location. Wait, looking back at the example output:

In the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is under the class "Location"? Wait, the classes given are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example output, the classes have more specific labels like "Pl_capital" which might be a subcategory of Location. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Wait, the example output shows that "Lisbon" is classified as "Pl_capital", but the classes listed are "Location", so maybe the user expects a more detailed classification with subtypes. However, the original task says to use the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Wait, but in the example, the output uses "Pl_capital" which isn't one of the main classes. That's confusing. Wait, looking back at the user's message:

The example output shows entries like ["Lisbon", "Pl_capital"], but the classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the user made a mistake in the example, or perhaps the classes are supposed to be more detailed. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. However, the example output uses more specific labels. This is conflicting.

Wait, the user provided an example where the output has entries like "Pl_capital" which isn't in the main classes. But the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example is incorrect, or maybe the user intended that "Location" can have subcategories. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. So maybe the example is wrong, and the correct classes are the main ones. Alternatively, maybe the user expects the more specific labels as in the example. This is a bit confusing.

But given that the user provided the example with "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", etc., perhaps the correct approach is to follow that format. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" which is not one of those. That's conflicting. Maybe the example is wrong, or perhaps the user intended that "Location" can have subcategories. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. So perhaps the example is incorrect, and the correct classes are the main ones. But then, in the example, "Lisbon" is classified as "Pl_capital", which would be a subcategory of Location. However, the user's instruction says to use the main classes. This is a bit of a problem.

But given that the user provided the example, perhaps they expect that the subcategories are part of the classification. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. So maybe the example is wrong. Alternatively, maybe "Pl_capital" is a typo and should be "Location". But that's unclear.

In this case, since the user provided the example with "Pl_capital" and similar, but the classes are listed as main categories, perhaps the user made a mistake. However, the user's instruction says to follow the classes as listed. Therefore, for the current task, I should use the main classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other.

So, for the current input:

"Man" is a Person.

"arson" is an action, not an object, so maybe Other.

"building" is a Facility.

"Espinho" is a Location (a city).

But in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the main classes, it should be Location. However, the example output shows "Pl_capital" as the class. This is conflicting. But since the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, perhaps the example is incorrect, and the correct classes are the main ones. Therefore, "Espinho" would be Location.

So the classifications would be:

["Man", "Person"], ["arson", "Other"], ["building", "Facility"], ["Espinho", "Location"].

But I need to check if "arson" is an Object. Wait, "arson" is a noun here, referring to the act of arson. But in the classes, Object is for physical objects. Arson is an action, not an object. So "Other" is more appropriate.

Therefore, the final answer should be:

[["Man", "Person"], ["arson", "Other"], ["building", "Facility"], ["Espinho", "Location"]]
</think>

<Output>[["Man", "Person"], ["arson", "Other"], ["building", "Facility"], ["Espinho", "Location"]]</Output>