<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The example provided shows that participants are entities like people, organizations, places, or objects involved in the event. 

Looking at the input: "Automóvel atropela várias pessoas durante manifestação "Black Lives Matter" em Manhattan". The main participants here are the car ("Automóvel"), the people ("várias pessoas"), the movement "Black Lives Matter", and the location "Manhattan".

Wait, in the example given earlier, they included things like "o motor" (the engine) as a participant. So even if it's an object involved, like the car's engine, it's included. But in this case, the car is the one doing the action, so "Automóvel" should be a participant. The people are being hit, so "várias pessoas" are participants. The "Black Lives Matter" is the event, so that's a participant. Manhattan is the location, so that's included too.

I need to make sure I capture all these entities. Let me check the example again. In the example, they included "o motor" twice, "a aeronave", "aeroporto", etc. So even if the same entity is mentioned multiple times, each instance is listed. For instance, "Lisboa" appears multiple times in the example output.

So in the current input, "Automóvel", "várias pessoas", "manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'", "Manhattan". Wait, the "Black Lives Matter" is the name of the event, so it's a participant. Also, the word "manifestação" is part of the event, but the name "Black Lives Matter" is the specific event, so that's included. 

I need to make sure that "manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'" is captured as a participant. Also, "Manhattan" is a location, so it's included. 

So the output should be a JSON array with these entries. Let me list them out:

["Automóvel", "várias pessoas", "manifestação 'Black Lives Matter'", "Manhattan"]

Wait, but in the example, they included "os aeroportos" as a participant. So even if it's a plural, it's included. Here, "várias pessoas" is plural, so that's correct. Also, the event name is in quotes, so I should keep the quotes as in the input. 

I think that's all. Let me double-check. The car is the subject, the people are the victims, the event is the context, and Manhattan is the location. All are participants in the event described. So the final list should include those four items.
</think>

["Automóvel", "várias pessoas", "manifestação \"Black Lives Matter\"", "Manhattan"]