<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The example provided shows that participants include entities like people, organizations, places, and objects mentioned. 

Looking at the input: "O incidente provocou vários feridos, alguns dos quais tiveram se ser transportados para vários hospitais da 'Big Apple', explicou à agência France-Presse (AFP) a polícia de Nova Iorque (NYPD)."

First, I need to identify all the entities here. The main participants are the ones involved in the action. The incident is the main event, but the participants would be the entities affected or involved in the actions.

"Vários feridos" – these are people, so "feridos" should be included. Then, "hospitais da 'Big Apple'" – 'Big Apple' is a nickname for New York City, so that's a place. The hospitals are part of that location. 

Next, "agência France-Presse (AFP)" – that's an organization, so "agência France-Presse" and "AFP" should be listed. Then, "a polícia de Nova Iorque (NYPD)" – "polícia de Nova Iorque" and "NYPD" are the participants here. 

Wait, the example in the task included things like "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as participants. So even if it's a prepositional phrase, like "à agência", that's included. Similarly, "a polícia de Nova Iorque" is a participant. 

Also, "Nova Iorque" is a place, so that should be included. The user's example had "Lisboa" multiple times, so even repeated mentions are included. 

So in this input, the participants would be:

- "feridos" (the injured people)
- "hospitais" (hospitals)
- "Big Apple" (as a nickname for New York)
- "agência France-Presse" and "AFP" (the agency and its acronym)
- "polícia de Nova Iorque" and "NYPD" (the police department and its acronym)
- "Nova Iorque" (the city itself)

Wait, but the example included "os aeroportos" as a participant. In this case, "vários hospitais" would be similar. So "hospitais" is a participant. Also, "Big Apple" is a proper noun here, so it's a participant. 

I need to make sure I capture all the named entities and any specific groups or organizations mentioned. Also, the prepositional phrases like "da 'Big Apple'" – the 'Big Apple' is the place, so that's included. 

So compiling the list:

["feridos", "hospitais", "Big Apple", "agência France-Presse", "AFP", "polícia de Nova Iorque", "NYPD", "Nova Iorque"]

Wait, but in the example, "aeroporto" was included as a participant. Here, "hospitais" is the equivalent. Also, "Nova Iorque" is a place, so that's included. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The sentence mentions the incident causing injured people, hospitals in Big Apple, the police explaining to the agency. So all those entities are participants.
</think>

["feridos", "hospitais", "Big Apple", "agência France-Presse", "AFP", "polícia de Nova Iorque", "NYPD", "Nova Iorque"]