<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is about an incident causing injuries, some of whom were taken to hospitals in the 'Big Apple', explained by the NYPD to the AFP.

The participants are: "feridos", "hospitais", "Big Apple", "agência France-Presse", "AFP", "polícia de Nova Iorque", "NYPD", "Nova Iorque".

Now, applying the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

Starting with "feridos" – that's plural of "ferido", meaning injured people. Since they are people, that's "Person".

Next, "hospitais" – hospitals are facilities, so "Fac".

"Big Apple" is a nickname for New York City, so that's a Location. But the class options have "Location" and "Pl_capital" etc. Wait, the example used "Pl_capital" for Lisboa. But in the classes given, the user specified classes like Location, but in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" which might be a typo or specific to their system. Wait, looking back at the example, the classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. However, in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" which might be subcategories. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. Wait, the example output has entries like "Lisboa" classified as "Pl_capital", but the classes listed in the task are "Location" as one of the classes. Hmm, this is conflicting. Wait, the user provided an example where the classes are more specific, like "Pl_capital" instead of just "Location". But the task says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example is using more detailed subcategories, but the user wants us to use the main classes. Wait, the example output includes "Pl_capital" which isn't in the original classes. That's confusing. Wait, looking back at the user's message:

The classes are listed as: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other.

But in the example output, they have entries like "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", which is not one of the main classes. That seems like a mistake. But maybe the user expects us to use those subcategories even though they aren't listed in the main classes. Wait, the example output uses "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" which are probably placeholders for specific types of locations. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. This is conflicting. But the user's example output includes those subcategories, so perhaps the actual classes are more detailed, and the initial list is a mistake. Alternatively, maybe the user made a mistake in the example. But given that the example uses those, perhaps we need to follow that structure. However, the user's task says to use the classes as listed. This is a bit confusing. Wait, the user's task says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example output, they have entries like "Pl_capital" which are not in that list. That's a contradiction. Maybe the example is incorrect, or perhaps the user intended for us to use those subcategories. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, so maybe the example is wrong. But since the user provided that example, perhaps we should follow it. Alternatively, maybe "Pl_capital" is a typo for "Location" (capital city). But this is unclear. However, given that the user provided that example, perhaps we should follow it. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. This is a problem. However, the user's example output uses "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" which are not in the main classes. Therefore, perhaps the user made a mistake in the example, but we need to follow the main classes. Alternatively, maybe the user intended for us to use the main classes and the example is incorrect. But since the user provided that example, perhaps we should follow it. However, this is conflicting. 

Alternatively, maybe the user intended for "Pl_capital" to be part of the "Location" class. But without clear instructions, this is tricky. However, looking at the example again, the input mentions "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a facility, and "Lisboa" as a location (capital). So perhaps "Pl_capital" is a subcategory under "Location". But the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Therefore, perhaps the example is incorrect, and we should use the main classes as listed. 

Assuming that, let's proceed with the main classes. So:

"feridos" – Person (people injured).

"hospitais" – Facility (hospitals are facilities).

"Big Apple" – Location (a nickname for New York City, which is a location).

"agência France-Presse" – Organization (a news agency).

"AFP" – Organization (the acronym for Agence France-Presse).

"polícia de Nova Iorque" – Organization (the police department).

"NYPD" – Organization (the acronym for New York Police Department).

"Nova Iorque" – Location (the city).

But wait, in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the main classes, it should be "Location". However, the user's example uses "Pl_capital" which is not in the main classes. This is conflicting. But given that the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, perhaps we should use "Location" for "Nova Iorque".

So the final classifications would be:

["feridos", "Person"], ["hospitais", "Facility"], ["Big Apple", "Location"], ["agência France-Presse", "Organization"], ["AFP", "Organization"], ["polícia de Nova Iorque", "Organization"], ["NYPD", "Organization"], ["Nova Iorque", "Location"].

But wait, the user's example had "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", but according to the main classes, it's "Location". So perhaps the user made a mistake in the example, and we should follow the main classes. Therefore, "Nova Iorque" is "Location".

But the user's example output included "Pl_capital" which is not in the main classes. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, the correct approach is to use the main classes. So "Nova Iorque" is "Location", "Big Apple" is "Location", "hospitais" is "Facility", "feridos" is "Person", and the organizations are "Organization".
</think>

[["feridos", "Person"], ["hospitais", "Fac"], ["Big Apple", "Location"], ["agência France-Presse", "Org"], ["AFP", "Org"], ["polícia de Nova Iorque", "Org"], ["NYPD", "Org"], ["Nova Iorque", "Location"]]