<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is "O condutor do automóvel foi detido no local, de acordo com a mesma fonte." The participants to classify are ["O condutor do automóvel", "a mesma fonte"].

First, I need to determine the class for each entity. The classes available are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "O condutor do automóvel". The word "condutor" translates to "driver" in English. A driver is a person, so this should be classified as "Person". Even though "automóvel" (car) is an object, the phrase refers to the person driving the car, not the car itself. So "O condutor do automóvel" is a Person.

Next, "a mesma fonte". The term "fonte" means "source". In the context of the sentence, it's referring to a source of information, which is likely an organization or a person. However, in the example provided earlier, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person) when it was "fonte" and "a mesma fonte". But in the given input, the source is mentioned as "a mesma fonte", which is a reference back to a previously mentioned source. In the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person), but in some contexts, a source could be an organization. However, without more context, "fonte" is more commonly a person, especially if it's a source like a police officer or a witness. But in the example given, "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" was classified as "Per" (Person), but "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was "Org". Wait, in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" and "a mesma fonte" as "Per" as well. So following that, "a mesma fonte" here would also be "Per".

Wait, but in the example, "fonte" was a person, but in this case, the input sentence says "de acordo com a mesma fonte", which is "according to the same source". The source could be an organization or a person. However, in the absence of specific information, if it's just "fonte" without any modifier, it's safer to classify as "Other" or "Per". But in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per", so maybe here it's the same. However, in the example, "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" was "Per", but "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was "Org". So the "fonte" in that case was a person from the organization. But in this current input, "a mesma fonte" is just referring back to a previously mentioned source. If the original source was a person, then "a mesma fonte" would be "Per". If the original source was an organization, then it would be "Org". But since the example classified "fonte" as "Per", maybe here it's also "Per".

But the user's example shows that "fonte" was classified as "Per" when it was "fonte" and "a mesma fonte". So following that, "a mesma fonte" here would be "Per".

So the classifications would be:

["O condutor do automóvel", "Per"], ["a mesma fonte", "Per"]

Wait, but "O condutor do automóvel" is a person, so "Per". "a mesma fonte" is a source, which in the example was "Per", so same here. So the output should be those two entries.
</think>

[["O condutor do automóvel", "Per"], ["a mesma fonte", "Per"]]