<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

First, I'll look at the input sentence: "De acordo com a fonte, a desordem, que envolveu vários pessoas e armas de fogo, terá começado junto às bombas de gasolina da Avenida Infante D."

Participants to classify are: ["a fonte", "várias pessoas", "armas de fogo", "bombas de gasolina", "Avenida Infante D."]

Starting with "a fonte". The word "fonte" translates to "source" in English. In the context, it's likely referring to a person or organization providing information. Since it's mentioned as "a fonte" without specifying, but in the example given earlier, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person). However, sometimes "fonte" could be an organization, but here it's more likely a person. But wait, in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" and "a mesma fonte" as "Per" as well. So maybe here "a fonte" is a Person. But I need to check if there's any indication it's an organization. The sentence says "De acordo com a fonte" which is "According to the source," which could be a person or an organization. But without more context, maybe it's safer to go with "Other" if it's unclear. Wait, but in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per". Hmm. Maybe in Portuguese, "fonte" is often a person. I'll tentatively put "Per" here.

Next, "várias pessoas". "Pessoas" is people, so that's clearly "Person" class. So "várias pessoas" would be "Person".

"armas de fogo" translates to "firearms" or "fire arms". These are objects, so "Obj".

"bombas de gasolina" is "gasoline bombs" or "gas pumps". Wait, "bombas de gasolina" could be gas pumps (like at a gas station) or actual bombs filled with gasoline. The context here is that the disorder started near them. If it's gas pumps, then they are facilities or objects. But "bombas" can also mean bombs. However, given the context of a gas station, it's more likely referring to gas pumps. But in Portuguese, "bomba de gasolina" is commonly a gas pump. So "bombas de gasolina" would be "Facility" if they are gas stations, but "Obj" if they are objects. Wait, the example had "aeroporto" as "Fac" (Facility). So maybe "bombas de gasolina" are part of a gas station, which is a facility. But if they are individual objects (the pumps), maybe "Obj". Hmm. Alternatively, "bombas de gasolina" could be the actual bombs made of gasoline, which would be objects. But the sentence says "junto às bombas de gasolina da Avenida Infante D." which is "near the gasoline bombs of Avenida Infante D." If they are bombs, then they are objects. But if they are gas pumps, then they are part of a facility. I'm a bit confused here. Let me think again. In Portuguese, "bomba de gasolina" is typically a gas pump. So "bombas de gasolina" would be gas pumps, which are part of a gas station (a facility). However, the term "bombas de gasolina" as objects would be the pumps themselves. But the classification for "aeroporto" was "Fac", so maybe "bombas de gasolina" are part of a facility (gas station), but since they are individual objects, maybe "Obj". Alternatively, if the gas pumps are considered part of the facility (gas station), then "Fac". But the example had "aeroporto" as "Fac", so maybe "bombas de gasolina" are "Obj" here. I think I'll go with "Obj".

Lastly, "Avenida Infante D." is a street name, which is a location. So "Location" class. In the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is a type of location. So "Avenida Infante D." would be "Location".

Putting it all together:

- "a fonte" → Person (Per)
- "várias pessoas" → Person (Per)
- "armas de fogo" → Object (Obj)
- "bombas de gasolina" → Object (Obj)
- "Avenida Infante D." → Location (Loc)

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is a sub-type of Location. However, the classes here are more general: Location, Facility, etc. So "Avenida Infante D." is a street, which is a Location. So "Loc" is correct.

But let me check again. The classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "Avenida Infante D." is a street, which is a Location. "Facility" would be like a building, airport, etc. So "Avenida" is a Location. So that's correct.

So the final classifications would be:

[["a fonte", "Per"], ["várias pessoas", "Per"], ["armas de fogo", "Obj"], ["bombas de gasolina", "Obj"], ["Avenida Infante D.", "Loc"]]
</think>

[["a fonte", "Per"], ["várias pessoas", "Per"], ["armas de fogo", "Obj"], ["bombas de gasolina", "Obj"], ["Avenida Infante D.", "Loc"]]