<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence about firefighters and vehicles from different organizations being mobilized. The participants are "Firefighters", "vehicles", "Marvão corporation", "VMER", and "GNR".

The classes available are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let's go through each participant one by one.

Starting with "Firefighters". Firefighters are people, so that should be "Person". But wait, sometimes "firefighters" can be considered as a group, but the class "Person" is for individuals or groups of people. Since the input mentions "Firefighters and vehicles", it's likely referring to the people, so "Person" makes sense here.

Next is "vehicles". Vehicles are objects, so that's "Object". The example given in the task had "plane" and "engine" as objects, so this fits.

"Marvão corporation" – the word "corporation" indicates an organization. So that's "Organization". 

"VMER" – this looks like an acronym. In the example, "Jota Aviation" and "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" were classified as Organizations. VMER is likely an organization's name, so "Organization" again.

"GNR" – another acronym. In the example, "Public Security Police" was an organization. GNR is probably a similar entity, like a police or emergency service, so "Organization" here too.

Wait, but the example had "source" classified as "Per" (Person) and "the same source" as "Per". But in this case, "GNR" and "VMER" are organizations. Let me double-check. The input says "Firefighters and vehicles from the Marvão corporation and VMER were mobilized, in addition to the GNR". So Marvão corporation, VMER, and GNR are all organizations. So their classes should be "Organization".

So the classifications would be:

Firefighters → Person

vehicles → Object

Marvão corporation → Organization

VMER → Organization

GNR → Organization

I need to make sure there's no other possible class. For example, "vehicles" is definitely an object. "Firefighters" are people, so Person. The organizations are all acronyms or named entities, so Organization. No locations or facilities here. The answer should be a JSON list with each entity and its class.
</think>

[["Firefighters", "Per"], ["vehicles", "Obj"], ["Marvão corporation", "Org"], ["VMER", "Org"], ["GNR", "Org"]]