<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "In a statement, the GNR clarifies that the fishponds were seized on Thursday, in a river patrol action carried out with the aim of controlling the rules for catching fish and maritime safety."

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main entities mentioned are "GNR" (which is a Portuguese police force, so an organization), "fishponds" (though that's an object, maybe not a participant?), "river patrol action" (an action, not an entity), "rules for catching fish" (a regulation, not an entity), "maritime safety" (a concept, not an entity). 

Wait, the participants should be the ones involved. The GNR is definitely a participant as they are the ones carrying out the action. The fishponds were seized, so they might be considered as the subject here, but are they a participant? The definition says participants can be impacted. If the fishponds were seized, they are impacted, so maybe they count. But fishponds are inanimate objects, so maybe not. The river patrol action is an event, not an entity. The rules and maritime safety are abstract concepts. 

Also, "statement" is mentioned, but the GNR is the one making the statement. The user's example included entities like "Plane", "engine", etc., even if they were parts of the event. So maybe "fishponds" is considered here. But the example included "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants, which are parts of the plane. So maybe even objects involved are considered participants. 

So, in this case, "GNR" is an organization, definitely a participant. "fishponds" were seized, so they are impacted. "river patrol action" is an event, not an entity. The "rules for catching fish" and "maritime safety" are goals, not entities. 

Wait, the example output included "airport", "Lisbon", etc., which are locations. So maybe locations are considered participants if they are involved. But in this case, the river patrol is happening in a river, but the location isn't mentioned. 

So the main participants here are "GNR" and "fishponds". But I need to check if "fishponds" is considered a participant. The definition says "impacted by an event". Since the fishponds were seized, they are impacted. So maybe they are included. 

Also, the "statement" is made by the GNR, but the statement itself isn't an entity. The "river patrol action" is an action, not an entity. 

So the entities would be "GNR", "fishponds". But wait, the example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. In the input, "GNR" is an organization, so that's a participant. 

Another thing: the example output had "source" and "the same source" as participants. In this case, the "statement" is made by the GNR, but the source isn't explicitly mentioned. The input says "In a statement, the GNR clarifies..." So the GNR is the source here. 

So the participants are "GNR" and "fishponds". Maybe "river patrol action" is an event, not an entity. 

But the example included "engine" as a participant. So even parts of the plane, like the engine, are considered. So in this case, the fishponds, being seized, are considered participants. 

Therefore, the output should be ["GNR", 1.0], ["fishponds", 0.8]. But wait, the example had "the same source" as a participant. Here, the GNR is the one making the statement, so maybe "GNR" is the participant. 

Wait, the example had "a Public Security Police" as a participant. In this case, the GNR is an organization, so that's a participant. The fishponds were seized, so they are impacted. So they are participants. 

So the final list would be ["GNR", 1.0], ["fishponds", 0.8]. But I need to check if "fishponds" is a valid participant. The definition says "impacted by an event or state". Since the fishponds were seized, they are impacted. So yes. 

But maybe "fishponds" is not an entity. Wait, the example included "airport" as a participant. So locations are included. Similarly, "fishponds" is a location or object. So yes. 

Therefore, the answer should be the two entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["GNR", 1.0], ["fishponds", 0.8]]