<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "The crustaceans and European eels, as they were alive, were returned to the natural environment."

First, I need to identify the entities here. The main subjects are "crustaceans" and "European eels." They are the ones being returned, so they are participants. The action is returning them to the natural environment. The environment itself is a participant because it's where they are being returned to.

Wait, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The natural environment is impacted by the action of returning the animals. But is "natural environment" considered an entity here? It's a bit abstract, but maybe it's a participant as the recipient of the action.

Also, the sentence mentions "as they were alive," which might imply that their state (being alive) is part of the context. But "alive" is an adjective, not an entity. So probably not a participant.

So the entities would be "crustaceans," "European eels," and "natural environment." Let me check the example given. In the example, they included things like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc. So even parts like "a stopped engine" were included. But in this case, "natural environment" is a bit more abstract. However, since it's the place where the action is happening, it's a participant.

Confidence levels: "crustaceans" and "European eels" are definitely participants, so high confidence (0.95). "natural environment" is a bit more uncertain, but since it's the target of the action, I'll put 0.8. Maybe "as they were alive" could be a phrase, but "alive" isn't an entity. The rest of the sentence doesn't mention any other entities like organizations or people. So the final list should be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["crustaceans", 0.95], ["European eels", 0.95], ["natural environment", 0.8]]