<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. First, I need to understand what qualifies as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "The Portuguese Prime Minister is in preventive prophylactic isolation from today onwards, after being in Paris on Wednesday with the French President, Emmanuel Macron, who tested positive for the new coronavirus."

Breaking it down:

1. "The Portuguese Prime Minister" – This is an individual, clearly a participant as they are the main subject here. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.

2. "preventive prophylactic isolation" – This is a state or action, not an entity. Probably not a participant. So skip.

3. "Paris" – A location. But is it a participant? The event happened there, but the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. Maybe not, unless the city is considered an entity. But the example given in the task included "airport" as a participant. Wait, in the example input, "airport" was included. So maybe locations can be participants if they are part of the event. However, in the example output, "airport" was listed. But in this case, Paris is a location where the Prime Minister was, but the main participants are the people involved. Hmm, maybe "Paris" isn't a participant here, but the example included "airport" as a participant. Let me check the example again. The example output had "airport" as a participant. So maybe locations are included if they are part of the event. But in this case, the Prime Minister was in Paris, but the event is about isolation. So maybe Paris is not a participant. I'll need to be cautious here.

4. "Wednesday" – A time, not an entity. Skip.

5. "the French President" – This is an individual, so a participant. Confidence high, 0.95.

6. "Emmanuel Macron" – The name of the French President, so same as above. But wait, the French President is Emmanuel Macron, so maybe "the French President" and "Emmanuel Macron" are two separate entities? Or is "Emmanuel Macron" the same as the French President? The example output had "a Public Security Police" as a participant, so titles are included. So "the French President" and "Emmanuel Macron" might both be participants. But in the example, "the same source" was included as a participant. So maybe both the title and the name are separate entities. So I should list both.

7. "who tested positive for the new coronavirus." – This is an action, not an entity. The subject here is Emmanuel Macron, so the testing is part of his involvement. But the coronavirus itself is an entity. Wait, the virus is a participant? The definition says entities impacted by the event. The virus is the cause here. So "new coronavirus" could be a participant. But in the example, "engine failure" was included as a participant. So maybe the virus is a participant here. But the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So perhaps the virus is a participant. So "new coronavirus" would be a participant. But the example didn't have a virus, so maybe it's a stretch. Alternatively, the virus is the cause, but the participants are the people involved. Hmm, this is tricky. The user might expect "new coronavirus" as a participant, but I need to check the example again. In the example, "engine failure" was included, which is an event, not an entity. Wait, the example output included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So maybe the virus is considered an entity here. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe the virus is not a participant but the cause. I'll have to decide based on the definition. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The virus is the cause, so maybe it's a participant. But I'm not certain. Maybe it's safer to include it with a lower confidence.

Now, compiling the list:

- "The Portuguese Prime Minister" – 0.95
- "the French President" – 0.95
- "Emmanuel Macron" – 0.95
- "new coronavirus" – 0.7 (since it's the cause, but not sure if it's considered a participant)
- "Paris" – 0.5 (maybe, but not sure)
- "Wednesday" – skip
- "preventive prophylactic isolation" – skip

Wait, the example included "source" as a participant. In the example, "a Public Security Police source" was included as "a Public Security Police" and "the same source". So "source" is considered a participant. In this case, the text mentions "who tested positive for the new coronavirus." The subject here is Emmanuel Macron, so the action is his testing. But the virus is the entity. So maybe "new coronavirus" is a participant. However, the example didn't have a similar case. Alternatively, the virus is not a participant but an event. Hmm.

Alternatively, maybe the participants are the people involved: the Portuguese Prime Minister, the French President (Emmanuel Macron), and the new coronavirus as the cause. But I'm not sure. The example included "engine failure" as a participant, which is an event. So maybe the virus is also an event, but the definition says participants are entities. The virus is an entity. So maybe it's included.

So final list:

["The Portuguese Prime Minister", 0.95], ["the French President", 0.95], ["Emmanuel Macron", 0.95], ["new coronavirus", 0.7], ["Paris", 0.5]

But wait, in the example, "airport" was included as a participant. So maybe locations are included. But in this case, Paris is a location where the event happened, but the main participants are the people. However, the example included "airport" as a participant. So maybe "Paris" should be included. But the example had "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as a participant. So the exact phrase is included. In this case, "Paris" is a location, so maybe it's included with a lower confidence. But the example didn't have a time or location as a participant. Wait, the example output included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So maybe locations are considered participants. So "Paris" would be included. But the example also had "Farnborough" and "England" as participants. So in this case, "Paris" is a location, so it's a participant. So I should include "Paris" with a confidence of 0.7.

But the user's example output included "airport" as a participant. So in this case, "Paris" is a location, so it's a participant. So I'll include it.

So the final list would be:

["The Portuguese Prime Minister", 0.95], ["the French President", 0.95], ["Emmanuel Macron", 0.95], ["new coronavirus", 0.7], ["Paris", 0.7]

But I need to check if "new coronavirus" is a participant. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The virus is the cause, so it's an entity that's involved. So maybe it's a participant. Alternatively, the virus is the reason, but not a participant. Hmm. The example included "engine failure" as a participant, which is an event. So maybe the virus is an event here. But the virus is an entity. I'm a bit confused. The example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So maybe the virus is considered an entity here. So I'll include it with a confidence of 0.7.

Another thing: the example had "source" as a participant. In this case, there's no mention of a source, so that's not included. So the final list is as above.
</think>

[["The Portuguese Prime Minister", 0.95], ["the French President", 0.95], ["Emmanuel Macron", 0.95], ["new coronavirus", 0.7], ["Paris", 0.7]]