<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, which might be a bit confusing, but I guess it's because "engine" is part of the event's cause.

Looking at the input text: "Due to the confirmation of the positive test of French President Emmanuel Macron, with whom he was at the Élysée Palace yesterday, the Prime Minister is in preventive prophylactic isolation until the level of risk is assessed by the health authorities", it reads in the statement issued by António Costa's office."

First, I need to identify all entities mentioned. Let's break it down sentence by sentence.

1. "French President Emmanuel Macron" – clearly a person, so Emmanuel Macron is a participant. The title "French President" might be part of his name, but the example includes titles like "airline Jota Aviation" so maybe the full name is better. Wait, in the example, "a Public Security Police" was included. So maybe "French President Emmanuel Macron" is the full entity here.

2. "Élysée Palace" – that's a location, so it's an entity. The example included "airport" and "Lisbon", so places are participants.

3. "the Prime Minister" – this refers to António Costa, the Prime Minister of Portugal. But the text mentions "António Costa's office" later. So "the Prime Minister" is a role, but the actual person is António Costa. However, the example included "the same source" as an entity, so maybe roles are included as they are. But I need to check if "the Prime Minister" is considered a participant here. Since the Prime Minister is the one in isolation, they are an active participant.

4. "health authorities" – this is a group, so they are participants.

5. "António Costa's office" – this is an organization or entity issuing the statement. The example included "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" as an entity, so this should be included.

6. "the statement" – the example included "website." as an entity, so maybe "the statement" is also a participant? But the example didn't include "statement" in their output. Wait, looking back at the example output, they included "source" and "the same source" but not "statement". Hmm, maybe "statement" isn't considered a participant here. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The statement is a document, not an entity involved. So maybe not include "the statement".

Now, checking for other entities. The text mentions "preventive prophylactic isolation" – that's an action, not an entity. "level of risk" is a concept, not an entity. "positive test" is an event, not an entity. 

So compiling the list:

- French President Emmanuel Macron (person)
- Élysée Palace (location)
- the Prime Minister (role, but maybe António Costa is the actual person)
- health authorities (group)
- António Costa's office (organization)

Wait, the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So in this case, "health authorities" is a group, so that's a participant. Also, "António Costa's office" is an organization. 

But the text says "the Prime Minister is in isolation", so the Prime Minister is a participant. However, the Prime Minister's name is António Costa. The text doesn't explicitly mention his name, but the statement is from António Costa's office. So maybe "the Prime Minister" is a participant, and "António Costa" is another. But the input text doesn't mention his name, only his office. So perhaps "the Prime Minister" is the entity here. 

Wait, the example included "the same source" as an entity. So in this case, "the Prime Minister" is a role, but the actual person is António Costa. However, since the text doesn't explicitly name him, maybe we can only include "the Prime Minister" as the entity. But the example included "the aircraft" and "the plane" as entities, which are roles or objects. So maybe "the Prime Minister" is acceptable here.

Also, "António Costa's office" is an organization, so that's a participant. 

So the list would be:

["French President Emmanuel Macron", 0.95], ["Élysée Palace", 0.85], ["the Prime Minister", 0.8], ["health authorities", 0.75], ["António Costa's office", 0.85]

Wait, but the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. Here, "health authorities" is similar. Also, "the same source" was included. So "António Costa's office" is the source here, so that's included. 

I need to make sure I'm not missing any other entities. The text mentions "positive test" but that's an event, not an entity. "preventive prophylactic isolation" is an action. 

So the final list should be those five entities with their confidence scores. The confidence scores are estimates based on how clearly the entity is mentioned. "French President Emmanuel Macron" is clearly mentioned with a title and name, so high confidence. "Élysée Palace" is a specific location, high confidence. "the Prime Minister" is a role, but since the text refers to him as the one in isolation, it's a participant. "health authorities" is a group, so moderate confidence. "António Costa's office" is an organization, so high confidence.
</think>

[["French President Emmanuel Macron", 0.95], ["Élysée Palace", 0.85], ["the Prime Minister", 0.8], ["health authorities", 0.75], ["António Costa's office", 0.85]]