<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence where the Prime Minister cancels a trip and public agenda. The participants to classify are "The Prime Minister", "this trip", and "public agenda".

First, "The Prime Minister" is a person holding a government position. According to the classes, "Per" is for human individuals or divine entities. So that's clearly Per with high confidence.

Next, "this trip". A trip is a journey, which is a manmade object? Wait, no. Wait, the Obj class is for tangible, manmade objects. A trip is an event or activity, not a physical object. Hmm. Maybe it's an action, but the classes don't have an action category. Looking back, the example given for Obj was "a cadeira" (chair), which is a tangible object. So "trip" might not be Obj. What about Other? The Other class is for entities that don't fit elsewhere. But maybe "trip" is considered an event, which isn't covered here. Alternatively, maybe it's a process, but the classes don't have that. Wait, the example for Obj includes "a stopped engine" as Obj. Wait, in the previous example, "engine" was Obj. So "trip" might not be Obj. Maybe it's an event, but the classes don't have an event category. So perhaps it's Other? Or maybe "trip" is considered an action, but the classes don't have that. Alternatively, maybe "trip" is a process, but again, not in the classes. The example given for Other was "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt), which is a sensory experience. So "trip" might not fit there. Hmm. Wait, looking at the definition of participants: they can be actors, agents, patients, etc. "Trip" here is the thing being canceled. So maybe it's an object in the sense of something that can be canceled. But according to the classes, Obj is for tangible, manmade objects. A trip isn't a physical object. So maybe it's Other? But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "trip" is considered an event, which isn't covered by any class except Other. So I'll put Other here with moderate confidence.

Then "public agenda". An agenda is a schedule or plan, which is a manmade object? Or is it an abstract concept? The example for Obj includes "a cadeira" (chair), which is physical. "Public agenda" is a plan or schedule, which is more abstract. So maybe it's not Obj. The Other class might be appropriate here. But again, I'm not certain. Alternatively, could it be considered a process or event? Since the classes don't have those, Other seems the best fit. So "public agenda" would be Other with moderate confidence.

Wait, but looking back at the example given in the task, the participants included "engine" as Obj. So maybe "trip" and "public agenda" are considered events or actions, but since they don't fit into any other category, they fall under Other. So I'll go with that.
</think>

<Output>[["The Prime Minister", "Per", 0.95], ["this trip", "Other", 0.7], ["public agenda", "Other", 0.7]]</Output>