<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Um homem de 28 anos, com antecedentes criminais por tráfico de droga, ficou hoje com pulseira eletrónica por injuriar, ameaçar e perseguir a sua ex-companheira, em Vila Nova de Gaia, disse a GNR."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "Um homem de 28 anos" – the individual involved, the subject of the sentence. He's the one who received the electronic bracelet. His criminal history is mentioned, but he's the main participant.
2. "a sua ex-companheira" – the person he injured, threatened, and harassed. She's a victim here.
3. "Vila Nova de Gaia" – the location where the incident occurred. Locations can be participants if they are part of the event's context.
4. "a GNR" – the Guarda Nacional Republicana, a Portuguese police force. They are the ones reporting the incident, so they are involved as an authority.

Now, checking for any other possible entities. The text mentions "tráfico de droga" (drug trafficking), but that's a crime, not an entity. "Pulseira eletrónica" is an object, not a participant. The age (28 anos) is part of the description of the man, not a separate entity. "Antecedentes criminais" refers to his criminal record, which is part of his profile, not a separate participant.

I need to make sure I'm not missing any other entities. The sentence structure has "disse a GNR" at the end, which indicates the GNR is the source of the information. So they are a participant as the reporting entity.

Confidence scores: The man is clearly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). The ex-partner is directly mentioned as the victim (0.9). Vila Nova de Gaia is the location (0.8). GNR is the reporting entity (0.9). I should check if any other entities are implied. Maybe "tráfico de droga" is a category, but not an entity. "Pulseira eletrónica" is an object, not a participant. So the list should be those four entities.
</think>

[["Um homem de 28 anos", 0.95], ["a sua ex-companheira", 0.9], ["Vila Nova de Gaia", 0.8], ["a GNR", 0.9]]