<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task step by step. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided gives a clear structure, so I need to follow that.

First, the input is: "The facts were sent to the Judicial Court of Amarante." 

I need to identify all entities that are participants. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted. The example output includes things like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., even some phrases like "a Public Security Police" and "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal." So, it's not just proper nouns but also phrases that refer to entities.

Looking at the input sentence, the main entities here are "The facts" and "the Judicial Court of Amarante." Wait, but "the facts" might be considered as the subject here. However, in the example, they included "the aircraft" and "the plane," which are specific entities. But "facts" might be more abstract. However, the definition says participants can be entities involved or impacted. If the facts are being sent, maybe they are the subject here. But maybe the user expects only the entities that are organizations, groups, etc. Let me check the example again.

In the example, "source" and "the same source" are included. So even if it's a role, like "source," they are considered. So "the Judicial Court of Amarante" is an organization, so that's a participant. Then, "the facts" might be considered as the subject, but maybe not. Wait, the example includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So even if it's a part of something, like an engine, it's considered. But in the current input, "facts" might not be an entity in the same way. However, the user's example includes "the facts" as a participant? Wait, no, in the example input, the output includes "Plane," "A plane," "the aircraft," etc. So maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity is considered a participant.

But the input here is "The facts were sent to the Judicial Court of Amarante." So "The facts" is the subject, and "the Judicial Court of Amarante" is the recipient. So both are participants. However, "facts" might be a bit abstract. But according to the example, even "engine" is included. So maybe "The facts" is considered a participant here. But I need to check if that's the case.

Alternatively, maybe "facts" are not considered an entity here. The example includes "source" and "the same source," which are roles. So perhaps in this case, "the Judicial Court of Amarante" is the main participant. But the user's example includes "the airports" as a participant. So "the airports" is a noun phrase referring to a place. So in this case, "the Judicial Court of Amarante" is a proper noun, so that's definitely a participant. Then, "the facts" might be considered as a participant, but maybe not. Let me think again.

The definition says participants are entities actively involved or impacted. The facts are being sent, so they are the subject of the action. So they are involved. But maybe the user expects only organizations, groups, etc. However, the example includes "plane," "engine," "airport," which are objects or entities. So "the facts" would be the subject here. But I'm not sure if "facts" is considered an entity in this context. Alternatively, maybe "the facts" is not an entity but an abstract concept. But the example includes "engine" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So perhaps any noun phrase that refers to an entity, even if it's abstract, is included.

Therefore, I should include both "The facts" and "the Judicial Court of Amarante." However, the example output includes "source" and "the same source," which are roles. So maybe "the facts" is a participant here. But I need to check the confidence. For "The facts," I might be less confident, maybe 0.5, while "the Judicial Court of Amarante" is more certain, maybe 0.9. But I need to make sure I'm not missing any other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any other entities. So the output would be:

[["The facts", 0.5], ["the Judicial Court of Amarante", 0.9]]

But wait, in the example, they included "Lusa." with a period, but in the input, it's "Lusa." So maybe punctuation is kept. However, in the current input, "the Judicial Court of Amarante" doesn't have a period. But the example includes "Lusa." with a period. So maybe the user expects to include the punctuation as in the input. However, in the input here, the sentence ends with a period, but the entity is "the Judicial Court of Amarante," which doesn't have a period. So maybe I should not add a period. The example includes "Lusa." with a period, but in the input, it's "Lusa." So perhaps the user includes the period. However, in the current input, the entity is "the Judicial Court of Amarante" without a period. So I should keep it as is.

Another thing to consider: the example includes "airport" as a participant. But in the input, "the Judicial Court of Amarante" is a specific court, so it's a proper noun. So that's definitely a participant. "The facts" might be a bit ambiguous. But according to the definition, participants are entities involved. So if the facts are being sent, they are involved. So I think including them is correct. However, the confidence for "The facts" might be lower. Maybe 0.6. Alternatively, maybe "the facts" is not considered an entity here. For example, if the facts are not a specific entity but just the information being sent. But the example includes "engine" as a participant, which is a specific part of the plane. So maybe "the facts" is considered a participant here. 

Alternatively, maybe "the facts" is not an entity but the action's subject. But the example includes "the aircraft" and "the plane," which are entities. So I think including "The facts" is correct. Therefore, the final answer would be:

[["The facts", 0.6], ["the Judicial Court of Amarante", 0.9]]
</think>

[["The facts", 0.6], ["the Judicial Court of Amarante", 0.9]]