<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is a sentence about Rui Santos Amaral mentioning that the maritime authority was alerted by members of the public who saw a body floating near a pier in Vila Nova de Gaia at 5:20 pm.

The participants to classify are: "Rui Santos Amaral", "the maritime authority", "members of the public", "body of a man", "Santa Marinha floating pier", "Vila Nova de Gaia", "5:20 pm".

Starting with "Rui Santos Amaral". This seems like a person's name, so according to the classes, that's a Per (person). Confidence should be high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "the maritime authority". This is an organization, so Org. Confidence around 0.9.

"members of the public" – this refers to people, so Per. But wait, "members of the public" is a group, not an individual. However, the class Per includes human individuals or groups? Wait, looking back at the classes: Per is for human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. So "members of the public" is a group of people, but the class Per is for individuals. Hmm, maybe this should be Org? Wait, no. The example given for Org is companies, governments, etc. "members of the public" is a collective noun, but not an organization. Maybe it's still Per because it's people. But the class Per is for individuals. Wait, the definition says participants can be groups. Wait, the classes for Per are entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. So groups of people might not be Per. Wait, the example given for Per is "O rapaz" (the boy), which is an individual. So maybe "members of the public" is not Per. Then what is it? It's a group of people, but not an organization. Maybe Other? Or perhaps it's considered as Per if it's a collective noun. But the class Per is for individuals. This is a bit confusing. Alternatively, maybe "members of the public" is considered as a group, but since it's not an organization, perhaps it's Other? Or maybe it's Per because it's people. I think the safest is to go with Per, but with lower confidence. Maybe 0.75.

Next, "body of a man". This is a tangible object, so Obj. Confidence 0.9.

"Santa Marinha floating pier" – this is a facility, so Fac. Confidence 0.95.

"Vila Nova de Gaia" – this is a city, which is a Pl_civil (political region or administrative area, usually sub-national). So Pl_civil. Confidence 0.9.

"5:20 pm" – this is a time, which doesn't fit into any of the classes. The Other class includes entities that don't fit, like "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt). So "5:20 pm" would be Other. Confidence maybe 0.8.

Let me check again. For "members of the public", if it's a group of people, but not an organization, then maybe it's Per? But the class Per is for individuals. Wait, the definition says participants can be groups. The classes for Per are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. So groups of people might not be Per. Then, perhaps "members of the public" is Other? Or maybe it's considered as a collective noun under Per. This is tricky. Maybe the answer expects Per here. Alternatively, maybe it's Org if it's considered a group, but that's not the case. I think the correct class here is Per, even though it's a group. Maybe the example given for Per includes groups. Wait, the example given for Per is "O rapaz" (the boy), but maybe the class Per can include groups of people. Alternatively, maybe it's Other. But I'm not sure. Let me think again. The class Per is for human individuals or characters. So groups of people would not be Per. Then, what's the correct class? It might be Other. But the example given for Other is "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt), which is a non-physical entity. So "members of the public" is a group of people, which is a participant. Maybe the class is Per. But I'm not 100% sure. Maybe the answer expects Per here. I'll go with Per and 0.75 confidence.

For "5:20 pm", since it's a time, which is not an object, place, or organization, it's Other. So 0.8 confidence.
</think>

<Output>[["Rui Santos Amaral", "Per", 0.95], ["the maritime authority", "Org", 0.9], ["members of the public", "Per", 0.75], ["body of a man", "Obj", 0.9], ["Santa Marinha floating pier", "Fac", 0.95], ["Vila Nova de Gaia", "Pl_civil", 0.9], ["5:20 pm", "Other", 0.8]]</Output>