<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. So I need to look for any such entities mentioned.

The input sentence is: "The Sapadores from Vila Nova de Gaia and the Firefighters from Coimbrões were also present at the scene."

First, I'll break it down. "Sapadores" is a term I'm not super familiar with, but in Portuguese, "sapador" can refer to a military engineer or a firefighter. Given the context of being present at a scene, maybe it's a local fire department or emergency service. The location is Vila Nova de Gaia, which is a city in Portugal. So "Sapadores from Vila Nova de Gaia" might be a group or organization based there.

Then there's "Firefighters from Coimbrões." Coimbrões is another place in Portugal. Firefighters are clearly a group involved in emergency situations. The word "Firefighters" is a common term for a group, so that's a participant. The locations Vila Nova de Gaia and Coimbrões are places, but the question is whether they are participants. The definition says participants can be entities impacted by the event. Since the event is at the scene, the locations might be considered as places where the participants are present, but the actual participants are the groups (Sapadores, Firefighters) and maybe the places if they are entities. However, the example given in the task includes "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants, so maybe locations are included if they are explicitly mentioned as part of the event.

Wait, in the example input, "airport" was included, but in the output, "airport" was listed. So maybe any named location or organization is considered a participant. So "Vila Nova de Gaia" and "Coimbrões" would be participants as locations. Also, "Sapadores" and "Firefighters" are groups. The word "the scene" is a bit vague, but the example didn't include "scene" as a participant, so maybe not.

So the entities would be:

- Sapadores from Vila Nova de Gaia (group)
- Firefighters from Coimbrões (group)
- Vila Nova de Gaia (location)
- Coimbrões (location)

But wait, in the example output, "Lisbon" was included multiple times. So maybe the locations are considered participants even if they are just names. Also, the example included "the airports" as a participant. So in this case, "Vila Nova de Gaia" and "Coimbrões" are locations, so they should be included.

But the original sentence says "Sapadores from Vila Nova de Gaia" and "Firefighters from Coimbrões". So the groups are Sapadores (maybe the name of the group?) and Firefighters (as a group). The locations are Vila Nova de Gaia and Coimbrões. Also, the word "the scene" is mentioned, but that's a general term, not a specific entity, so probably not included.

Confidence levels: For "Sapadores from Vila Nova de Gaia", I'm a bit uncertain if "Sapadores" is a specific group or just a role. If it's a specific group, then it's a participant. If it's just a role, maybe not. But since it's mentioned with the location, it's likely a specific group. So confidence around 0.8. Similarly for Firefighters from Coimbrões, confidence 0.9. The locations would be 0.8 each. The example included "source" and "the same source" as participants, so maybe "the scene" isn't included here. So the final list would be:

["Sapadores from Vila Nova de Gaia", 0.8], ["Firefighters from Coimbrões", 0.9], ["Vila Nova de Gaia", 0.8], ["Coimbrões", 0.8]

Wait, but in the example, "the airports" was included. So maybe the locations are included as entities. Also, the example had "Lisbon" multiple times, but in the input, "Lisbon" was part of the airport name. So in this case, the locations are Vila Nova de Gaia and Coimbrões. So I think that's correct.
</think>

[["Sapadores from Vila Nova de Gaia", 0.8], ["Firefighters from Coimbrões", 0.9], ["Vila Nova de Gaia", 0.8], ["Coimbrões", 0.8]]