<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, which seems a bit odd, but maybe they're considering parts of phrases as entities. Wait, but in the example, "to engine" is listed. Hmm, maybe that's a mistake? Or perhaps they're extracting noun phrases, even if they're not full entities.

Looking at the input: "A man today suffered burns “on his face and upper limbs” while handling gasoline in Vale de S."

First, identify the main participants. The man is clearly a participant. Then, "gasoline" might be involved, but is it a participant? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The gasoline is being handled, so maybe it's an object here. But the example included "engine" as a participant. Wait, in the example, "engine" and "a stopped engine" were listed. So maybe any noun or noun phrase that's part of the event is considered a participant. But I need to be careful not to over-extract.

The man is the main subject. "Vale de S." is a location, so that's a participant. "Burns" might be an action, but not an entity. "Face and upper limbs" are parts of the man, so maybe not separate entities. "Handling gasoline" is an action, but gasoline is the object. So "gasoline" could be a participant. But in the example, "engine" was included as a participant. So maybe "gasoline" is a participant here. Also, "Vale de S." is a location, so that's a participant. The example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So locations are included. 

Wait, the example output had "airport" and "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as separate entries. So maybe the exact phrases are extracted. In the current input, "Vale de S." is a location. Also, "handling gasoline" – "gasoline" is the object. So "gasoline" would be a participant. The man is the subject. 

So the participants would be: "A man", "man", "gasoline", "Vale de S." Maybe "his face and upper limbs" but that's part of the man, so not a separate entity. The example included "the aircraft" and "the plane" as separate entries. So in this case, "A man" and "man" might be considered separate. But the example had "Plane" and "A plane" as separate entries. So perhaps each occurrence is listed. 

So the output would be:

["A man", 0.9], ["man", 0.8], ["gasoline", 0.7], ["Vale de S.", 0.85]

Wait, but the example included "Lisbon" twice. So maybe even repeated mentions are included. But in the input, "Vale de S." is mentioned once. Also, "handling gasoline" – "handling" is a verb, so not a participant. So the main entities are the man, gasoline, and the location Vale de S. 

I think that's it. Let me check again. The man is the one who suffered burns, so he's a participant. Gasoline is the substance involved in the handling, which caused the burns. Vale de S. is the location where the event happened. So those three are the participants. The example included "engine" as a participant, so gasoline here is similar. So the final list would be those three entities with confidence scores.
</think>

[["A man", 0.95], ["man", 0.85], ["gasoline", 0.75], ["Vale de S.", 0.9]]