<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Três mortos em ataque de hipopótamo durante travessia de rio na província angolana do Bié". The participants to classify are ["Três mortos", "hipopótamo", "rio", "província angolana do Bié", "Angola"].

First, I need to go through each entity and determine its class based on the given categories: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let's break them down one by one.

Starting with "Três mortos". This translates to "Three dead" in English. Since it's referring to people who died, that's a count of persons. However, the class "Person" might not be the right fit here because it's a collective term rather than an individual. But the example given earlier had "fonte" (source) classified as "Per" (Person), which might be a bit confusing. Wait, in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per", which is Person. But "Três mortos" is a group of people, not a specific person. However, the classes don't have a "Group" category, so maybe "Other" is the best fit here. Alternatively, maybe "Person" is acceptable if it's considered as people in general. Hmm, not sure yet. Let me check the example again. In the example, "fonte" (source) was classified as "Per", which might be a person or a role. But "Três mortos" is more like an event or a count. Maybe "Other" is better here.

Next, "hipopótamo" (hippopotamus). That's an animal, so it's a natural object. The class "Nature" would be appropriate here because it's a living creature in the natural world.

"Rio" (river) is a body of water, so that's a natural feature. So "Nature" again.

"Província angolana do Bié" (the Bié province of Angola). This is a specific administrative region, so that's a "Location" or maybe "Facility"? Wait, "Facility" is for man-made structures like airports, buildings. A province is a geographical area, so "Location" makes sense. But in the example, "aeroporto" (airport) was classified as "Fac", so maybe "província" would be "Location" or "Pl_region" if there's a subcategory. However, the classes given don't have subcategories like Pl_capital, etc. The user's example had "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", but the classes are just "Location" in the main list. Wait, looking back at the original classes: the user provided classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "província" would be a Location. But in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which seems like a subcategory. However, the user's instruction says to use the main classes, not subcategories. Wait, the example output had "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital", but the classes listed are "Location". That's conflicting. Wait, maybe the user made a mistake in the example. Let me check again.

In the example, the output for "Lisboa" was "Pl_capital", but the classes listed are "Location", "Facility", etc. So perhaps the user intended for "Pl_capital" to be a subcategory under "Location", but the instruction says to use the main classes. However, the example shows that "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which isn't one of the main classes. This is confusing. Wait, the original problem statement says: "Classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other". So "Pl_capital" isn't a class. Therefore, the example might have an error, but I need to follow the given classes. So "Lisboa" should be "Location" in the main classes, not "Pl_capital". Therefore, "província angolana do Bié" is a Location.

Then "Angola" is a country, so that's a "Location" as well.

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the main classes, it should be "Location". Maybe the user intended for "Pl_capital" to be part of the "Location" class, but the example used a different notation. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, so I should stick to the main classes. Therefore, "Angola" is a "Location".

Putting it all together:

"Três mortos" – this is a count of people, but since the class "Person" is for individuals, and "Três mortos" is a group, maybe "Other" is the best fit here. Alternatively, if the system allows "Person" for groups, but I think "Other" is safer.

"hipopótamo" – Nature.

"rio" – Nature.

"província angolana do Bié" – Location.

"Angola" – Location.

So the final classifications would be:

[["Três mortos", "Other"], ["hipopótamo", "Nature"], ["rio", "Nature"], ["província angolana do Bié", "Location"], ["Angola", "Location"]]

But wait, in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the classes, it should be "Location". However, the user's example might have used a different classification system. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, "Lisboa" in the example was incorrectly classified as "Pl_capital" instead of "Location". So I should follow the main classes.

Therefore, "Angola" is "Location", and "província angolana do Bié" is also "Location".
</think>

[["Três mortos", "Other"], ["hipopótamo", "Nature"], ["rio", "Nature"], ["província angolana do Bié", "Location"], ["Angola", "Location"]]