<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, let's look at the input sentence: "O incidente registou-se no momento da travessia do rio Kwanza, quando a embarcação artesanal, com oito pessoas a bordo, sofreu o ataque daquele mamífero." 

The participants to classify are: "rio Kwanza", "embarcação artesanal", "oito pessoas a bordo", "mamífero".

Starting with "rio Kwanza". A river is a natural geographical feature, so that should be a Location. But wait, the classes include Nature and Location. Hmm, the example given earlier had "Lisboa" classified as Pl_capital, which is a Location. But "rio Kwanza" is a river, which is a natural feature. However, in the classes, "Location" might be more appropriate than Nature. Wait, the example had "aeroporto" as Facility. So maybe "rio" would be a Location. Let me check the classes again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "rio" is a natural feature, which could be Nature. But in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital, which is a Location. So maybe "rio Kwanza" is a Location. Hmm, but rivers are natural, so maybe Nature. Wait, but in the example, "aeroporto" was Facility. So perhaps "rio" is a Location. I'm a bit confused here. Let me think again. The class "Location" includes places, while "Nature" might be more for natural elements like animals, plants, etc. But rivers are geographical locations, so maybe Location. Alternatively, maybe "Nature" is for natural phenomena or elements. But I think "Location" is more accurate here.

Next, "embarcação artesanal" translates to "artisanal boat". That's an object, so Object class.

"oito pessoas a bordo" is "eight people on board". That's a group of people, so Person class. But the example had "fonte" as Person, which is singular. However, "oito pessoas" is plural. But the class is Person, so even if it's a group, it's still Person.

Lastly, "mamífero" means "mammal". That's an animal, which would fall under Nature. But in the example, "mamífero" was classified as Nature. Wait, the example given in the task had "mamífero" in the input, but in the output, it wasn't listed. Wait, no, the example input was different. Let me check again. The example input had "mamífero" in the sentence, but in the participants to classify, it wasn't listed. Wait, no, the example participants included "mamífero" in the input? No, the example participants were different. Let me focus on the current task.

So "mamífero" is an animal, which is a natural entity. Therefore, Nature class.

Putting it all together:

- "rio Kwanza" → Location
- "embarcação artesanal" → Object
- "oito pessoas a bordo" → Person
- "mamífero" → Nature

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital, which is a Location. So "rio Kwanza" is a river, which is a natural location. But maybe the class is Location. Alternatively, if "Nature" is for natural entities like animals, plants, etc., then "rio" might be a Location. I think the correct classification here is Location for "rio Kwanza" because it's a specific geographical location, even though it's a natural feature. So I'll go with that.
</think>

[["rio Kwanza", "Location"], ["embarcação artesanal", "Object"], ["oito pessoas a bordo", "Person"], ["mamífero", "Nature"]]