<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example output includes entities with confidence scores, so I need to do the same here.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is: "According to the police, 'a man entered with a vehicle inside' the Estádio da Luz, in the parish of São Domingos de Benfica, and the incident occurred at 3:00 pm."

Breaking it down, the main event is a man entering a stadium with a vehicle. The participants here would be the man, the vehicle, the stadium (Estádio da Luz), the parish (São Domingos de Benfica), and the police since they reported the incident. 

The police are mentioned as the source, so they are participants. The man is the actor here. The vehicle is part of the action. The stadium and parish are locations involved. The time (3:00 pm) might be considered an event detail but not a participant. 

Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The stadium and parish are locations, so they are participants. The vehicle is part of the man's action, so it's a participant. The police are reporting, so they are involved. 

Now, checking the example output. In the previous example, entities like "Plane", "engine", "airport", etc., were included. So, even if something is a part of the event (like "a stopped engine"), it's considered a participant. 

So here, "a man" is a participant. "vehicle" is part of the action. "Estádio da Luz" is the location. "São Domingos de Benfica" is the parish. "police" are the ones reporting. 

I need to make sure not to include time or other non-entities. "3:00 pm" is a time, not a participant. 

Now, confidence scores. "police" is explicitly mentioned, so high confidence (maybe 0.95). "a man" is directly stated, 0.9. "vehicle" is part of the action, 0.8. "Estádio da Luz" is a proper noun, 0.95. "São Domingos de Benfica" is a specific place, 0.9. 

Wait, the example included "the same source" as an entity. Here, "the police" is the source, so "police" is the entity. Also, "according to the police" – "police" is the entity. 

I think that's all. Let me list them with confidence scores.
</think>

[["police", 0.95], ["a man", 0.9], ["vehicle", 0.8], ["Estádio da Luz", 0.95], ["São Domingos de Benfica", 0.9]]