<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" or "a stopped engine" are considered, so I need to be careful with noun phrases.

First, I'll read the input sentence: "The driver was eventually detained, but the PSP explained that the arrest may not be related to this infraction, without providing further information."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "the driver" and "PSP". The PSP is mentioned as an organization, so that's a participant. The driver is the individual involved. The arrest and infraction are events, not participants. "PSP" is an acronym, but in the example, they included "a Public Security Police" as a participant, so maybe "PSP" here is the same. However, the input uses "PSP" without expanding it, but the example had "a Public Security Police" as a participant. Wait, in the example, the input had "a Public Security Police source" and the output included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So maybe even if it's an acronym, if it's used as a proper noun, it's considered an entity. But in the current input, "PSP" is used without explanation. However, in the example, "Public Security Police" was included. But here, the input uses "PSP" which might be an abbreviation. However, the user might expect that "PSP" is recognized as an entity. Alternatively, maybe "PSP" is the actual name here, like a specific organization. 

Wait, the example had "a Public Security Police" as a participant, and in the input, it was "a Public Security Police source". So the output included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. In the current input, "PSP" is used. If "PSP" is the same as "Public Security Police", then maybe it's an entity. But since the user hasn't provided the expansion, should I include "PSP" as the entity? The example included the full name, but here it's an abbreviation. However, the instruction says to extract based on what's in the text. So "PSP" is in the text, so it's an entity. But maybe the user expects that "PSP" is an organization, so it's a participant. 

So the participants would be "the driver", "PSP", and maybe "the arrest" or "the infraction"? Wait, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The arrest is an action, not an entity. The infraction is an event. So they are not participants. The driver is the person detained, so that's a participant. The PSP is the organization that explained the situation, so they are involved. 

So the entities would be "the driver", "PSP", and maybe "the arrest" and "the infraction" if they are considered as entities. Wait, but the example didn't include events as participants. In the example, "engine failure" was not listed as a participant, but "plane", "airport", etc., were. So events like "engine failure" are not participants. Therefore, in this case, "the arrest" and "the infraction" are events, not participants. 

So the participants are "the driver" and "PSP". However, in the example, "the same source" was included as an entity. In the current input, "the PSP" is the source. So "PSP" is an organization. 

Wait, the example had "a Public Security Police source" and the output included "a Public Security Police" and "source". But in the current input, "the PSP explained..." So "PSP" is the organization, and "the PSP" is the entity. Also, "source" might be a role, but in the example, "source" was included as an entity. However, in the current input, "the PSP explained..." So the "PSP" is the entity. 

So the entities here are "the driver", "PSP", and maybe "the arrest" and "the infraction" if they are considered. But according to the definition, participants are entities involved. The arrest is an action, not an entity. The infraction is an event. So they are not participants. 

Therefore, the correct entities are "the driver" and "PSP". However, the example included "source" as an entity. In the current input, "the PSP explained..." So "PSP" is the entity. But "source" isn't mentioned here. So maybe "PSP" is the entity. 

Wait, in the example, "a Public Security Police source" was in the input, and the output included "a Public Security Police" and "source" as separate entities. But in this case, the input is "the PSP explained..." So "PSP" is the entity. The word "explained" is an action, not an entity. So the only participants are "the driver" and "PSP". 

Now, confidence levels. For "the driver", I'm confident, maybe 0.9. For "PSP", since it's an organization, but the abbreviation might be unclear. However, in the example, "Public Security Police" was included as an entity. If "PSP" is the same as that, then it's a valid entity. But without knowing the expansion, I have to go with what's in the text. So "PSP" is an entity here. Confidence might be 0.8. 

So the final output would be:
[["the driver", 0.9], ["PSP", 0.8]]
</think>

[["the driver", 0.9], ["PSP", 0.8]]