<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by an event. The example shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo or a mistake in the example. Hmm, but I need to follow the example's structure.

The input here is: "Cometlis sent additional clarifications about this man's arrest for later."

First, I need to identify all entities. Let's break it down. The main entities here are Cometlis, the man, and possibly the arrest. But according to the definition, participants are those involved or impacted. Cometlis is sending clarifications, so they are an actor. The man whose arrest is being discussed is another participant. The arrest is an event, but maybe not an entity. The word "clarifications" is an action, not an entity. "Later" is a time phrase, not an entity.

Wait, the example included "engine" as a participant. But in the input, "arrest" is an event. However, the example had "engine" as a participant. Maybe in this case, "arrest" is an event, but the participants are Cometlis, the man, and maybe the authorities involved in the arrest. But the input doesn't mention any authorities. The sentence only mentions Cometlis sending clarifications about the man's arrest. So the participants would be Cometlis and the man. The arrest is an event, not an entity. 

Wait, the example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. So if there's an organization mentioned, that's a participant. In this case, Cometlis is an organization (assuming it's a company or entity), the man is an individual, and the arrest is an event. But the example included "engine" as a participant, which is a noun, but maybe that's a mistake. However, the user's example included "to engine" which seems incorrect. But I need to follow the example's pattern.

So in the input, the entities are Cometlis, the man, and maybe "arrest" as an event. But according to the definition, participants are entities involved. The arrest is an event, not an entity. So Cometlis and the man are the participants. The word "clarifications" is a noun but not an entity. "Later" is a time, not an entity. 

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. So if there's a mention of a source, that's a participant. In this input, there's no mention of a source. So the participants here are Cometlis and the man. 

But the example also included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So in this case, the input doesn't mention any locations or other entities except Cometlis and the man. Therefore, the output should be Cometlis and the man. 

But the example included "the airports" as a participant. In this case, the input doesn't mention any airports. So the answer would be Cometlis and the man. 

Wait, but the man is referred to as "this man's arrest". So "this man" is the participant. The arrest is the event. So the participant is the man. Cometlis is the one sending clarifications. So the participants are Cometlis and the man. 

So the JSON list would be:

[["Cometlis", 0.9], ["this man", 0.8]]

But the example included "the same source" as a participant. In this case, there's no source mentioned. So maybe Cometlis is the only organization, and the man is the individual. 

Wait, but the example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. So if an organization is mentioned, even if it's a source, it's included. In this input, Cometlis is an organization (assuming it's a company name), and the man is an individual. 

So the final answer would be those two entities with confidence scores. Let me check again. The input is "Cometlis sent additional clarifications about this man's arrest for later." 

Yes, Cometlis is the sender, and the man is the subject of the arrest. So those are the participants. The arrest is an event, not an entity. So the answer should be those two.
</think>

[["Cometlis", 0.9], ["this man", 0.8]]