<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, or even objects involved in the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Um incêndio numa casa desabitada na freguesia Jardim da Serra, no concelho de Câmara de Lobos, danificou totalmente a habitação, havendo suspeitas de fogo posto, disse hoje fonte da autarquia."

Looking for participants, I should identify all entities that are involved or impacted. Let's break it down sentence by sentence.

The first part mentions "Um incêndio" (a fire) in a "casa desabitada" (unoccupied house) in "freguesia Jardim da Serra" (parish of Jardim da Serra) and "concelho de Câmara de Lobos" (municipality of Câmara de Lobos). The fire damaged the house, and there are suspicions of arson. Then, a source from the local authority (autarquia) made the statement.

So, possible participants here are:
- "incêndio" (fire) – the main event, but is it a participant? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The fire is the event itself, so maybe not a participant but the event. Wait, the example included "Avião" and "o motor" as participants. Hmm, maybe even the fire is considered a participant here. Or perhaps the fire is the event, and the participants are the entities affected by it.

Wait, the example included "o motor" as a participant. So maybe any entity that is part of the event or affected. So in this case, the fire is the event, but the participants would be the house, the parish, the municipality, the source from the local authority, etc.

So, breaking down the entities:

1. "incêndio" – the fire itself. Maybe a participant as the event's cause.
2. "casa desabitada" – the unoccupied house, which was damaged.
3. "freguesia Jardim da Serra" – the parish where the incident occurred.
4. "concelho de Câmara de Lobos" – the municipality.
5. "a habitação" – the house, same as "casa desabitada".
6. "suspeitas de fogo posto" – suspicion of arson. But "fogo posto" is the act, not an entity. Maybe not a participant.
7. "fonte da autarquia" – the source from the local authority. This is a participant as they provided the statement.

Also, "autarquia" is mentioned as the source's affiliation. So "autarquia" (local authority) is another participant.

Wait, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. So in this case, "fonte da autarquia" and "autarquia" should be included.

So compiling the list:

- "incêndio" – the fire, maybe as a participant (but is it an entity? The example included "Avião" as a participant, so perhaps yes)
- "casa desabitada" – the house
- "freguesia Jardim da Serra"
- "concelho de Câmara de Lobos"
- "a habitação" (same as casa desabitada)
- "fonte da autarquia"
- "autarquia"
- "suspeitas de fogo posto" – but this is a suspicion, not an entity. Maybe not.
- "concelho" – but that's part of the municipality name, so "concelho de Câmara de Lobos" is the full name.

Also, "freguesia" is a type of administrative division, so "freguesia Jardim da Serra" is the entity.

Now, checking for duplicates. "casa desabitada" and "a habitação" refer to the same thing, so both should be included but with different confidence scores if needed. However, the example included "Um avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc., which are different mentions of the same entity. So in this case, "casa desabitada" and "a habitação" are different mentions of the same entity, so both should be listed.

Confidence scores: For "incêndio", maybe 0.9 as it's the main event. "casa desabitada" and "a habitação" are both 0.9. "freguesia Jardim da Serra" and "concelho de Câmara de Lobos" are 0.9. "fonte da autarquia" and "autarquia" are 0.8 and 0.9 respectively. "suspeitas de fogo posto" is not an entity, so excluded.

So the final list would be:

["incêndio", 0.9], ["casa desabitada", 0.9], ["freguesia Jardim da Serra", 0.9], ["concelho de Câmara de Lobos", 0.9], ["a habitação", 0.9], ["fonte da autarquia", 0.8], ["autarquia", 0.9]

Wait, but in the example, they included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if the same place is mentioned in different contexts, each mention is listed. So here, "concelho de Câmara de Lobos" and "freguesia Jardim da Serra" are different entities, so they are separate. Also, "casa desabitada" and "a habitação" are the same, but different mentions, so both are included.

I think that's all. Let me check again for any other entities. The text mentions "suspeitas de fogo posto" but that's a suspicion, not an entity. The source is "fonte da autarquia" and "autarquia" is the organization. So that's covered.
</think>

[["incêndio", 0.9], ["casa desabitada", 0.9], ["freguesia Jardim da Serra", 0.9], ["concelho de Câmara de Lobos", 0.9], ["a habitação", 0.9], ["fonte da autarquia", 0.8], ["autarquia", 0.9]]