<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The participants are entities involved or impacted by the event mentioned. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their own confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input text carefully. The sentence is: "O autarca mencionou que a habitação “não tinha manutenção e ficou totalmente inabitável”, complementando que os “danos provocados pelo fogo são apenas materiais”."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "O autarca" (the mayor or local authority figure), "a habitação" (the housing), "o fogo" (the fire), and possibly "os danos" (the damages). 

Looking at the example output, they included entities even if they were repeated. For instance, "Avião" and "o motor" appeared multiple times with different confidence scores. So I need to check each mention of an entity in the text.

In the input, "O autarca" is mentioned once. "a habitação" is mentioned once. "o fogo" is mentioned once in "danos provocados pelo fogo". "os danos" is also mentioned once. 

Wait, the example output included "a aeronave" and "O avião" as separate entities even though they refer to the same thing. So maybe I should treat "a habitação" and "a habitação" as the same entity, but since they are mentioned once, it's just one entry. However, in the example, "Avião" and "Um avião" were both included. So perhaps even if they are the same, each occurrence is listed separately. 

In the input, "O autarca" is the subject, so that's a participant. "a habitação" is the object, so it's a participant. "o fogo" is the cause of the damage, so that's a participant. "os danos" are the result, so they are also participants. 

I need to make sure I don't miss any entities. The text mentions "danos provocados pelo fogo", so "fogo" is an entity. Also, "os danos" is another entity. 

Now, assigning confidence scores. The example had varying scores, but I need to be consistent. For "O autarca", since it's explicitly mentioned, confidence is high, maybe 0.95. "a habitação" is directly mentioned, so 0.9. "o fogo" is mentioned in the context of causing damage, so 0.85. "os danos" are explicitly mentioned, so 0.9. 

Wait, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entities. In this case, "O autarca" is a single mention, so just once. "a habitação" once. "o fogo" once. "os danos" once. 

So the final list would be:

["O autarca", 0.95], ["a habitação", 0.9], ["o fogo", 0.85], ["os danos", 0.9]

I need to check if there are any other entities. The text doesn't mention any other organizations, people, or places. The only entities are the ones listed. So that should be the correct output.
</think>

[["O autarca", 0.95], ["a habitação", 0.9], ["o fogo", 0.85], ["os danos", 0.9]]