<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, which seems a bit odd, but maybe they're considering parts of phrases as entities.

Looking at the input: "A man died today following a fire that broke out in his home, in the municipality of Ribeira Brava, due to “possible smoke inhalation”, a local fire department source told Lusa."

First, identify the main entities. The man is clearly a participant. The fire is an event, but maybe "fire" is considered an entity here. The municipality of Ribeira Brava is a location, so that's a participant. The cause is "possible smoke inhalation," but that's more of a reason than a participant. The local fire department is an organization, so they're a participant. The source is mentioned as "a local fire department source," which might be a person or group, but the example included "source" as an entity. Lusa is the news agency, so that's another organization. 

Wait, in the example output, they included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So even if it's a role, like a source, it's considered a participant. Also, the municipality is part of the location, so "Ribeira Brava" and "municipality of Ribeira Brava" might both be included. 

But the user's example had "Lisbon" repeated, so maybe locations are included even if mentioned multiple times. Also, "Lusa." was included with a period, but maybe that's a typo. However, the user's example includes "Lusa." with a period, so I should follow that.

So for the current input, the entities would be:

- "A man" (the deceased)
- "fire" (the event causing the death)
- "his home" (location, but maybe not a participant? Or is it?)
- "municipality of Ribeira Brava" (location)
- "possible smoke inhalation" (cause, but maybe not a participant)
- "local fire department" (organization)
- "source" (the person or group providing info)
- "Lusa." (news agency)

Wait, the example included "the airports" as an entity. So even plural forms or possessive might be included. Also, "a local fire department source" is a role, but in the example, "source" was included as an entity. So here, "a local fire department source" might be split into "local fire department" and "source."

But the example had "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So maybe the full name is included. In the current input, "a local fire department source" would be split into "local fire department" and "source."

Also, "Ribeira Brava" is the municipality, so that's a location. The home is part of the location, but maybe not a participant. The fire is an event, but in the example, "engine" was included as an entity. So "fire" might be considered an entity here.

So compiling the list:

["A man", 0.9], ["fire", 0.8], ["municipality of Ribeira Brava", 0.8], ["possible smoke inhalation", 0.6], ["local fire department", 0.9], ["source", 0.8], ["Lusa.", 0.9]

Wait, but in the example, "the same source" was included. Here, "a local fire department source" is mentioned once, so "source" is the entity. Also, "Lusa." is the news agency, so that's a participant. The home might not be a participant, as it's the location where the event happened, but the municipality is the location. The man is the victim, the fire is the event, the local fire department is the organization, the source is the entity providing info, and Lusa is the news agency.

I think that's all. Let me check again. The example included "airport" as an entity, even though it's a location. So "municipality of Ribeira Brava" is a location, so that's a participant. "his home" might be considered a location, but maybe not. The example didn't include "his home" in their input, but in the output they had "airport" as an entity. So perhaps locations are included. However, in the current input, "his home" is part of the event's location, but the municipality is the broader location. Maybe "Ribeira Brava" is sufficient. Alternatively, "his home" could be considered, but the example didn't include such specific locations. So maybe only the municipality is included. 

Also, "possible smoke inhalation" is the cause, but in the example, "engine failure" was included as an entity. So "possible smoke inhalation" might be considered an entity here. 

So the final list would be:

["A man", 0.9], ["fire", 0.8], ["municipality of Ribeira Brava", 0.8], ["possible smoke inhalation", 0.6], ["local fire department", 0.9], ["source", 0.8], ["Lusa.", 0.9]

I think that's all. Now, converting this into the required JSON format without any markdown.
</think>

[["A man", 0.9], ["fire", 0.8], ["municipality of Ribeira Brava", 0.8], ["possible smoke inhalation", 0.6], ["local fire department", 0.9], ["source", 0.8], ["Lusa.", 0.9]]