<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "According to the same source from the Ribeira Brava and Ponta do Sol Volunteer Fire Department, in the west of Madeira, “the man was already dead due to possible inhalation of smoke and gases”, as “the room where the victim was located did not present fire signals.”"

Breaking this down, the main event here is a fire or incident where a man died. The participants would be the entities involved in this situation. Let's start identifying them.

1. "Ribeira Brava and Ponta do Sol Volunteer Fire Department" – This is an organization, specifically a fire department. They are mentioned as the source, so they are definitely participants. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

2. "the man" – The victim. He's central to the event. The text says he was already dead, so he's a participant. Confidence around 0.9.

3. "the victim" – This refers to the same man. But since "the man" is already listed, maybe "the victim" is redundant. However, the user's example included both "the aircraft" and "The aircraft" as separate entries, so perhaps even if they refer to the same entity, they should be listed separately. Wait, but in the example, "the aircraft" and "The aircraft" are both included. So maybe even if they are the same, they are considered different mentions. But in this case, "the man" and "the victim" are the same person. Should I list both? The example output included "the same source" and "source" as separate entries. So maybe even if they refer to the same entity, they are considered different mentions. But the user's instruction says "participants refer to individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities that are actively involved in or impacted by an event or state." So "the victim" is the same as "the man," but since they are different mentions, they should be included. However, the example output included "the same source" and "source" as separate entries. So I think I should include both "the man" and "the victim" as separate entities here.

4. "Madeira" – A location. The fire department is in the west of Madeira. So Madeira is a place involved, but is it a participant? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. Since the event happened in Madeira, maybe it's a participant. But sometimes locations are not considered participants unless they are entities. However, the example included "Lisbon" and "airport" as participants. So "Madeira" should be included as a participant. Confidence around 0.8.

5. "the room" – The location where the victim was found. The text says the room didn't have fire signals. So the room is part of the event. But is it a participant? The example included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe "the room" is a participant here. Confidence maybe 0.7.

6. "the same source" – This refers back to the fire department mentioned earlier. But in the example, "the same source" was included as a separate entity. So here, "the same source" would be another mention of the fire department. But since the fire department is already listed, should I include "the same source" as a separate entity? The example included "the same source" and "source" as separate entries. So I think I need to include "the same source" as a separate entity here. However, the fire department is the actual organization, so maybe "the same source" is just a reference to them. But the user's example included "the same source" as a separate entity. So I'll follow that.

7. "source" – The original source mentioned. But in the input, the source is the fire department. So "source" here might be a generic term, but in the example, "source" was included. However, in the input, the source is specifically the fire department. So maybe "source" is redundant here. But the example included "source" as a separate entity. So I need to check if "source" is a participant. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The source is providing information, so they are involved. But the fire department is the actual source. However, the example included "source" as a separate entity. So I'll include "source" here as well, but with lower confidence since it's a generic term.

Wait, the input says "According to the same source from the Ribeira Brava and Ponta do Sol Volunteer Fire Department..." So the source is the fire department. Therefore, "source" here is the fire department. But in the example, "source" was included as a separate entity. So maybe in this case, "source" is the same as the fire department. However, the user's example included both "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entries. So perhaps in this case, "source" is a separate entity, even though it refers to the fire department. But that might be redundant. However, the user's example included "source" as a separate entity, so I should follow that.

Putting it all together:

- "Ribeira Brava and Ponta do Sol Volunteer Fire Department" (confidence 0.95)
- "the man" (0.9)
- "the victim" (0.9)
- "Madeira" (0.8)
- "the room" (0.7)
- "the same source" (0.8)
- "source" (0.7)

Wait, but in the input, "the same source" refers to the fire department. So maybe "the same source" is redundant with the fire department. But the example included "the same source" as a separate entity. So I need to include it. Also, the example included "the same source" and "source" as separate entries. So in this case, "source" is mentioned once, and "the same source" is another mention. So both should be included.

But wait, in the input, the source is the fire department. So "source" here is the fire department. However, the example included "source" as a separate entity. So even though it's the same as the fire department, it's listed as a separate entity. Therefore, I need to include both "Ribeira Brava and Ponta do Sol Volunteer Fire Department" and "source" and "the same source" as separate entities.

So the final list would be:

["Ribeira Brava and Ponta do Sol Volunteer Fire Department", 0.95], ["the man", 0.9], ["the victim", 0.9], ["Madeira", 0.8], ["the room", 0.7], ["the same source", 0.8], ["source", 0.7]

But I need to check if "the same source" is the same as the fire department. In the example, "the same source" was included as a separate entity. So even if it's the same as the fire department, it's listed as a separate entry. Therefore, I should include all these entities.
</think>

[["Ribeira Brava and Ponta do Sol Volunteer Fire Department", 0.95], ["the man", 0.9], ["the victim", 0.9], ["Madeira", 0.8], ["the room", 0.7], ["the same source", 0.8], ["source", 0.7]]