<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is a quote from Roberto Gonçalves, who is the head of service at a corporation. He's describing a fire scene where the fire was in the entrance hall and had consumed a bedroom, but not the room where the victim was.

The participants to classify are: "Roberto Gonçalves", "the corporation", "the victim", "the house", "the entrance hall", "a bedroom", "the room where the victim was".

Starting with "Roberto Gonçalves". Since he's a person mentioned as the head of service, that's a human individual, so the class should be Per. Confidence is high here, maybe 0.95.

Next, "the corporation". This is an organization, so Org. The confidence is also high, maybe 0.9.

"The victim" is a person, so Per. But wait, the victim is a human individual, so Per. Confidence around 0.9.

"The house" is a building, which is a facility. So Fac. Confidence 0.95.

"The entrance hall" is part of the house, a specific area. Since it's a location within a building, maybe Fac? Or Path? Wait, the definition for Path includes locations that can be traversed. But entrance hall is a specific part of a building, so maybe Fac. Alternatively, if it's considered a location, but the examples for Fac include things like airports, which are facilities. So I think Fac is correct here. Confidence 0.9.

"A bedroom" is a room in the house. Again, a part of a building, so Fac. Confidence 0.9.

"The room where the victim was" – this is a specific room, so same as above, Fac. But wait, the room itself is a part of the house, so Fac. Confidence 0.9.

Wait, but the user might consider "the room where the victim was" as a location, but since it's a specific room within the house, it's still a facility. Alternatively, if it's a general location, maybe Loc? But the examples for Loc are things like web pages, which don't fit here. So I think Fac is correct.

Let me check the classes again. The Fac class is for facilities, which are manmade structures. So entrance hall, bedroom, room are all parts of a building, hence Fac. The house itself is a facility. So all of these are Fac. The victim is a person, so Per. The corporation is an organization, Org. Roberto is a person, Per. The house, entrance hall, bedroom, room are all Fac. The room where the victim was is a specific room, so still Fac.

I think that's the correct classification. Let me make sure I didn't miss any other classes. The other classes like Pl_capital or Pl_country don't apply here. The entities are all either people, organizations, or parts of buildings. So the classifications should be as above.
</think>

<Output>
[["Roberto Gonçalves", "Per", 0.95], ["the corporation", "Org", 0.9], ["the victim", "Per", 0.9], ["the house", "Fac", 0.95], ["the entrance hall", "Fac", 0.9], ["a bedroom", "Fac", 0.9], ["the room where the victim was", "Fac", 0.9]]
</Output>