<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by an event. The example shows that even things like "to engine" were included, which seems a bit odd, but maybe that's part of the specific extraction rules here.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "The president of Ribeira Brava City Council, Ricardo Nascimento, told Lusa that “the police forces are still investigating the causes of the fire”."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "Ribeira Brava City Council" – this is an organization, so definitely a participant.
2. "Ricardo Nascimento" – the president, so an individual.
3. "Lusa" – the news agency, so an organization.
4. "police forces" – a group or organization involved in the investigation.
5. "the fire" – the event itself, but according to the example, "engine" was included as a participant. Wait, in the example, "engine" was part of the event, but maybe in this case, "fire" is the event, not a participant. Hmm, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The fire is the event, not a participant. So maybe "fire" isn't a participant here. Let me check the example again. In the example, "engine failure" was part of the event, but "engine" was listed as a participant. Wait, the example output includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So maybe any noun phrase related to the event's cause or involved entities are considered participants. So in this case, "police forces" are definitely participants. "Ricardo Nascimento" is a person, so participant. "Ribeira Brava City Council" is an organization. "Lusa" is the news source, so participant. The president's title is part of the role, but the actual person is Ricardo Nascimento. 

Wait, the example includes "the same source" as a participant. In the input, "a Public Security Police source" is mentioned, and then "the same source" later. So in this case, "Lusa" is the source, so that's a participant. 

So in the current input, the participants would be:

- "Ribeira Brava City Council" (organization)
- "Ricardo Nascimento" (individual)
- "Lusa" (organization)
- "police forces" (organization/group)

I need to make sure I'm not missing any. The sentence mentions that the president told Lusa about the police forces investigating the fire. So the president is a participant, the police forces are participants, Lusa is the news agency, and the city council is the organization he belongs to. 

Now, confidence levels. For "Ricardo Nascimento", I'm pretty confident (0.95). "Ribeira Brava City Council" is also clear (0.9). "Lusa" is a known news agency, so 0.95. "police forces" is a bit more general, but since they are actively involved in the investigation, 0.85. 

Wait, the example includes "source" as a participant. In the input, "a Public Security Police source" is mentioned. But in this case, the source is Lusa. So "Lusa" is the source here. The example also includes "the same source" as a participant. But in this input, it's just "Lusa" once. So I think "Lusa" is the participant here. 

So the final list would be:

["Ribeira Brava City Council", 0.9], ["Ricardo Nascimento", 0.95], ["Lusa", 0.95], ["police forces", 0.85]

I need to check if there are any other entities. The fire is the event, not a participant. The president's title is part of his role, but the actual person is Ricardo Nascimento. So I think that's all.
</think>

[["Ribeira Brava City Council", 0.9], ["Ricardo Nascimento", 0.95], ["Lusa", 0.95], ["police forces", 0.85]]