<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

The input is: "The victim, he said, was “a man in his 70s.”"

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main subject is "the victim," which is a person. Then there's "he," which refers to someone who made the statement. The quote mentions "a man in his 70s," which is the victim's description. 

So, the participants would be "the victim" and "he." The man in his 70s is the victim, so that's the same as "the victim." But the user's example included both the direct mention and the description. Wait, in the example given, they had "Plane" and "a plane," etc. So maybe even if it's a description, if it's a noun phrase, it's considered an entity. 

But "a man in his 70s" is a description of the victim. However, in the example output, they included "a stopped engine" as an entity. So maybe any noun phrase that's a participant is included. 

So in this case, "the victim" is an entity, "he" is another entity (the speaker), and "a man in his 70s" is a description of the victim. But the example output included both "Plane" and "A plane," so maybe even if it's a pronoun or a noun phrase, they are considered separate. 

Wait, the example input had "Plane makes emergency landing..." and the output included "Plane," "A plane," "The aircraft," etc. So even if they are different noun phrases referring to the same thing, they are listed as separate entities. 

In the current input, "the victim" and "a man in his 70s" are both referring to the same person, but as different noun phrases. So should both be included? The example included "a stopped engine" and "the aircraft," which are different phrases but related. 

So following that, "the victim" and "a man in his 70s" would both be entities. Also, "he" is another participant, the speaker. 

But the user's example output included "source" and "the same source," so pronouns and references are included. 

So the entities here would be:

- "the victim" (confidence high)
- "he" (confidence medium, since it's a pronoun referring to someone)
- "a man in his 70s" (confidence high, as it's a specific description)

Wait, but in the example, "the same source" was included. So pronouns and references are considered entities. 

But the user's example output also included "Lusa." and "website." with periods, which might be a mistake, but the user included them. So maybe even if there's a period, it's included as part of the entity. 

So for the current input, the entities would be:

["the victim", 0.9], ["he", 0.7], ["a man in his 70s", 0.9]

But wait, the example output included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entities. So even if they are parts of phrases, they are considered. 

But in this case, "a man in his 70s" is a noun phrase describing the victim. However, the user's example included "a stopped engine" as an entity. So maybe even if it's a noun phrase, it's included. 

So I think the correct answer here is to list "the victim," "he," and "a man in his 70s" as separate entities with their confidence scores. 

But wait, the user's example output included "the same source" as an entity. So pronouns and references are included. 

Therefore, the final answer should be:

[["the victim", 0.9], ["he", 0.7], ["a man in his 70s", 0.9]]
</think>

[["the victim", 0.9], ["he", 0.7], ["a man in his 70s", 0.9]]