<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the correct category with a confidence score.

First, the participants to classify are: "a mesma fonte", "a GNR", "o homem", "populares".

Starting with "a mesma fonte". From the previous example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (person), and "a mesma fonte" would likely be the same. Since "fonte" refers to a person or entity providing information, even if it's the same as before, it's still a person. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "a GNR". GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is a Portuguese national police force. That's an organization, so "Org". Confidence is high, around 0.95.

Then, "o homem". This is a human individual, so "Per". The sentence mentions "o homem" being seen by others, so definitely a person. Confidence 0.95.

Lastly, "populares". This translates to "the people" or "the public". In Portuguese, "populares" can refer to a group of people, so that's a collective noun. Since it's a group of individuals, it's still "Per". But wait, the class "Per" is for individuals or fictitious human characters. However, "populares" here refers to a group, not a single person. Wait, the definition says "entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities". So "populares" is a group, not an individual. Hmm, maybe "Per" is for individuals, and "Org" for organizations. But "populares" is a collective term for people, not an organization. Wait, the example given for "Per" includes "O rapaz" (the boy), which is an individual. So "populares" as a group might not fit "Per" but could be "Other"? Wait, the "Other" class is for entities that don't fit elsewhere, like "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt). But "populares" is a group of people. Alternatively, maybe "Per" can include groups if they are referred to as a collective. But the definition says "individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities". Wait, the initial classes: "Per" is for human individuals or characters. So "populares" is a group of people, but the class "Per" is for individuals. So maybe "populares" should be "Per" as a collective noun? Or is there a different class? Let me check the classes again.

Looking back: The classes are Per, Org, Obj, Nat, Fac, Veh, Path, Pl_water, Pl_celestial, Pl_mountain, Pl_civil, Pl_country, Pl_mount_range, Pl_capital, Pl_region, Pl_state, Loc, Other. 

"Populares" is a group of people, but not an organization. Since "Per" is for individuals, maybe "populares" is considered a group of individuals, but the class "Per" is for individuals. Wait, the definition says "Participants refer to individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities..." So maybe "populares" as a group is considered a "Per" even though it's a collective. Alternatively, if there's no class for groups, perhaps "Per" is the closest. But the example given for "Per" is "O rapaz" (an individual). However, in the previous example, "fonte" was classified as "Per", which could be a person or a source. So maybe "populares" is a group of people, so "Per" is acceptable. Alternatively, if "populares" is considered a collective noun, maybe "Org"? But "Org" is for organizations. Hmm. This is a bit tricky. Maybe "populares" is a group of people, so "Per" is the best fit here. I'll go with "Per" for "populares" with confidence 0.85, since it's a group but the class might not have a specific category for groups, and "Per" is the closest.
</think>

<Output>[["a mesma fonte", "Per", 0.95], ["a GNR", "Org", 0.95], ["o homem", "Per", 0.95], ["populares", "Per", 0.85]]</Output>