<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what qualifies as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input text: "Os militares da GNR que foram ao local constataram que o homem tinha ferimentos na cara, tendo sido solicitada a intervenção da Polícia Judiciária, que está a investigar o caso, adiantou a fonte da força de segurança."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "militares da GNR" – They were at the scene, so they're participants.
2. "o homem" – The person with injuries, definitely a participant.
3. "Polícia Judiciária" – They were called in, so involved.
4. "a fonte da força de segurança" – The source providing information, which is part of the context.

I need to check for any other mentions. The text mentions "a intervenção da Polícia Judiciária" and "a fonte da força de segurança." Also, "GNR" is a known entity (Guarda Nacional Republicana in Portugal), so that's a group. The "homem" is an individual. The "fonte" might be a person or entity, but since it's referred to as "a fonte da força de segurança," it's likely an organization or a specific role within the security force.

Now, considering duplicates. "militares da GNR" and "GNR" might be separate, but since "militares da GNR" is more specific, I'll include both. However, the example output in the task didn't split them, so maybe just the full phrase. Wait, in the example, they had "Avião" and "o motor" as separate entries even though they refer to the same thing. So maybe each mention is a separate entity, even if they refer to the same thing.

So, in the input, "militares da GNR" is mentioned once, "Polícia Judiciária" once, "o homem" once, and "a fonte da força de segurança" once. Also, "a intervenção da Polícia Judiciária" – but "Polícia Judiciária" is already listed. The "fonte" is mentioned as "a fonte da força de segurança" and "a mesma fonte" in the example, but here it's just "a fonte da força de segurança."

Confidence scores: For "militares da GNR" and "Polícia Judiciária," they are explicitly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). "o homem" is directly mentioned, so 0.9. "a fonte da força de segurança" is a bit more indirect, but still a participant, so maybe 0.85. I need to check if "força de segurança" is a separate entity, but since it's part of the source's description, it's probably part of the same entity as "a fonte da força de segurança." So I'll list each unique mention with their confidence.
</think>

[["militares da GNR", 0.95], ["o homem", 0.9], ["Polícia Judiciária", 0.95], ["a fonte da força de segurança", 0.85]]