<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I'll read the input text carefully. The sentence is: "De acordo com a fonte da guarda, o homem, natural e residente em Carreiras, vivia sozinho e tinha sido visto com vida, naquela localidade, no domingo, entre as 20:00 e as 21:30."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "a fonte da guarda" – This is a source, possibly an organization or individual. Since it's mentioned as "fonte da guarda," maybe it's a specific entity, but the exact name isn't given. However, in the example, "fonte" was included, so I should include "a fonte da guarda" here. Confidence might be around 0.8 because it's a specific reference.

2. "o homem" – The man is a key participant. He's the subject of the sentence. Since he's mentioned directly, confidence is high, maybe 0.95.

3. "Carreiras" – This is a location where the man is from and resides. Locations can be participants if they are relevant. Confidence here is 0.75 as it's a place mentioned in context.

4. "naquela localidade" – This refers back to Carreiras. Since it's a reference, maybe 0.7 confidence.

5. "no domingo" – A time reference. Time isn't typically a participant, but the example included "Lisboa" as a location. Wait, in the example, "Lisboa" was included multiple times. However, in this case, "no domingo" is a time, not a participant. So maybe not include that.

6. "entre as 20:00 e as 21:30" – Another time frame. Again, not a participant.

Wait, the example included "Lisboa" multiple times as a participant. So even if it's a location, it's included. So "Carreiras" and "naquela localidade" (which refers to Carreiras) should be included. Also, "a fonte da guarda" is a participant as the source. "o homem" is the main participant. 

I need to check if "guarda" is part of an organization. "Fonte da guarda" might be a specific entity, like a guard's source. But since it's not a named organization, maybe it's just "a fonte da guarda" as the entity. 

So the list would be:

- "a fonte da guarda" (confidence 0.8)
- "o homem" (0.95)
- "Carreiras" (0.75)
- "naquela localidade" (0.7, since it's a reference to Carreiras)
- "o homem" again? Wait, the example had "Um avião" and "O avião" as separate entries. So if the same entity is mentioned again, even if it's the same, it's listed. But in this case, "o homem" is mentioned once, and "naquela localidade" refers to Carreiras. 

Wait, the original input mentions "natural e residente em Carreiras" – so Carreiras is the location. Then "naquela localidade" refers back to Carreiras. So both "Carreiras" and "naquela localidade" are participants. 

So the final list would include:

["a fonte da guarda", 0.8], ["o homem", 0.95], ["Carreiras", 0.75], ["naquela localidade", 0.7]

But wait, in the example, "Lisboa" was included multiple times. So even if it's the same place mentioned in different contexts, each mention is a separate entry. Here, "Carreiras" is mentioned once, and "naquela localidade" is another mention of the same place. So both should be included. 

Also, "guarda" might be part of an organization, but the text says "fonte da guarda" which is "source of the guard." If "guarda" is an organization, maybe "guarda" is a participant. But the example didn't include "guarda" in the output. Wait, in the example input, "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" was included as "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "fonte" and "a mesma fonte." So in this case, "fonte da guarda" is the entity, not "guarda" itself. So I think "a fonte da guarda" is the correct entity here, not "guarda" alone. 

Therefore, the final answer should be the four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["a fonte da guarda", 0.8], ["o homem", 0.95], ["Carreiras", 0.75], ["naquela localidade", 0.7]]