<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and they might be mentioned explicitly or inferred.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is a Portuguese text about an incident where a death was declared at the scene and the body was sent to the hospital's Forensic Medicine service. The source is a "fonte do Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Portalegre."

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "fonte," "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Portalegre," "o óbito," "o corpo," "serviço de Medicina Legal," "hospital de Portalegre," etc. So, I need to identify all such entities here.

Starting with the first part: "Segundo fonte do Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Portalegre..." Here, "fonte" is mentioned, and the full name of the organization is given. So "fonte" and "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Portalegre" are participants. The confidence for "fonte" might be lower since it's just a generic term, but in the example, they included it with 0.8, so maybe similar here.

Next, "o óbito foi declarado no local" – "o óbito" is the death, which is an event, but according to the definition, participants can be events or entities impacted. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. So "o óbito" is the event itself, but maybe not a participant. Hmm, but the example included "o óbito" as an entity. Wait, in the example output, they have "o óbito" listed. So maybe even events are considered participants here. So I should include that.

Then, "tendo o corpo sido encaminhado para o serviço de Medicina Legal do hospital de Portalegre." Here, "o corpo" is the body, "serviço de Medicina Legal" is the Forensic Medicine service, and "hospital de Portalegre" is the hospital. Also, "Portalegre" is mentioned as the location of the hospital.

So compiling all these:

- "fonte" (source) – confidence maybe 0.8
- "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Portalegre" – full name, confidence 1.0
- "o óbito" – event, confidence 0.9
- "o corpo" – the body, confidence 0.9
- "serviço de Medicina Legal" – Forensic Medicine service, confidence 0.95
- "hospital de Portalegre" – hospital, confidence 0.95
- "Portalegre" – location, confidence 0.8

Wait, in the example, they included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even repeated mentions are included. Also, "a mesma fonte" was included. So in this case, "fonte" is mentioned once, but maybe "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" would be separate if present. Here, the input only mentions "fonte" once, so just "fonte" and "Comando Distrital..." 

I need to check if "serviço de Medicina Legal" is a proper noun. Since it's a specific service, it's an entity. "hospital de Portalegre" is the hospital's name. "Portalegre" as a location might be considered a participant, but maybe it's part of the hospital's name. However, the example included "Lisboa" as a separate entity. So "Portalegre" should be included as well.

So the final list would be:

["fonte", 0.8], ["Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Portalegre", 1.0], ["o óbito", 0.9], ["o corpo", 0.9], ["serviço de Medicina Legal", 0.95], ["hospital de Portalegre", 0.95], ["Portalegre", 0.8]

Wait, but in the example, they included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if the same location is mentioned again, they list it again. Here, "Portalegre" is mentioned once in the hospital's name and once as the location. So both instances should be included. However, in the input, "Portalegre" is only mentioned once as part of the hospital's name. Wait, the input says "hospital de Portalegre," so "Portalegre" is part of the hospital's name. But in the example, "Lisboa" was included as a separate entity even when part of a larger name. So maybe "Portalegre" should be included as a separate entity here.

Alternatively, maybe "hospital de Portalegre" is the full name, and "Portalegre" is the location, so both are participants. So including both.

I think that's all. Let me check again for any other entities. The text doesn't mention any other organizations or individuals. The "fonte" is from the CDOS, but the CDOS is already listed. So the list should be as above.
</think>

[["fonte", 0.8], ["Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro (CDOS) de Portalegre", 1.0], ["o óbito", 0.9], ["o corpo", 0.9], ["serviço de Medicina Legal", 0.95], ["hospital de Portalegre", 0.95], ["Portalegre", 0.8]]