<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they belong to based on the input text.

Starting with "those involved". The input says "those involved acted with their faces covered." The term "those involved" refers to the people who committed the robbery. Since they are people, the class should be Person.

Next is "confectionery shop". The sentence mentions "a confectionery shop in Milheirós de Poiares". A shop is a type of facility, so this should be Facility.

Then "Milheirós de Poiares" is a place name. The input specifies it as the location of the shop. Since it's a town or city, it's a Location. But looking at the example, sometimes locations are classified as Pl_civil or Pl_capital. However, in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as Pl_capital. Milheirós de Poiares might be a municipality, so maybe Location is the safest here unless there's a specific code. Wait, the classes given are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example used "Pl_capital" as a subclass under Location? Wait, no, in the example output, "Lisbon" was labeled as "Pl_capital", but the main classes are Person, Organization, etc. Wait, the user provided the classes as Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example, they used "Pl_capital" as a class. Wait, that might be a mistake. Wait, looking back at the example:

In the example output, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", but the main classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the user made a mistake in the example, using "Pl_capital" instead of "Location". But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. Wait, the user says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example, they used "Pl_capital" which isn't in the list. That's confusing. Wait, perhaps the example is incorrect, or maybe "Pl_capital" is a typo. Alternatively, maybe the user intended for "Pl_capital" to be a subclass of Location. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. However, in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which isn't in the main classes. This might be a mistake, but perhaps the user expects us to follow the example even if it's inconsistent. Alternatively, maybe "Pl_capital" is a typo for "Location". But since the user provided the example, maybe I should follow that. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. This is conflicting. 

Wait, looking back at the user's message:

The example output has entries like ["Lisbon", "Pl_capital"], but the classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Pl_capital" isn't in the classes. That's a problem. Maybe it's a typo and should be "Location". But the user might have made a mistake in the example. However, the user's instruction says to follow the classes as listed. Therefore, perhaps the example is wrong, and the correct class for "Lisbon" should be Location. But the user might have intended for some subcategories. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. Therefore, I need to use the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Pl_capital" is not a valid class. Therefore, perhaps the example is incorrect, and the correct class for "Lisbon" is Location. But in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is not in the classes. This is confusing. However, since the user provided the example, maybe I should follow that, even if it's inconsistent. But that's risky. Alternatively, maybe the user intended for "Pl_capital" to be a typo for "Location". 

Given the ambiguity, I'll proceed with the classes as listed. So "Milheirós de Poiares" is a location, so "Location". "Santa Maria da Feria" is a district, which is a location. "district of Aveiro" is a district, which is a location. 

Wait, the input says "district of Aveiro". Districts are administrative regions, so they are locations. So all three places would be Location. 

"those involved" are people, so Person. "confectionery shop" is a facility. 

So the classifications would be:

["those involved", "Person"], ["confectionery shop", "Facility"], ["Milheirós de Poiares", "Location"], ["Santa Maria da Feria", "Location"], ["district of Aveiro", "Location"].

But I need to check if "district of Aveiro" is a Location. Yes, districts are part of the administrative structure and are locations. So all three places are Location. 

Therefore, the final JSON array would be as above.
</think>

[["those involved", "Person"], ["confectionery shop", "Facility"], ["Milheirós de Poiares", "Location"], ["Santa Maria da Feria", "Location"], ["district of Aveiro", "Location"]]