<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "A Polícia Judiciária está a investigar a morte de um homem de cerca de 60 anos encontrado em Gandarela, Celorico de Basto, no distrito de Braga, com indícios de lesão grave cranioencefálica, confirmou hoje fonte daquela polícia."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "A Polícia Judiciária" – This is an organization, definitely a participant as they are conducting the investigation.
2. "um homem de cerca de 60 anos" – The deceased individual, so a participant as the victim.
3. "Gandarela" – A location where the body was found. Locations can be participants if they are involved or affected.
4. "Celorico de Basto" – Another location, part of the place where the event happened.
5. "no distrito de Braga" – The district, another location.
6. "fonte daquela polícia" – A source from the police, which might be a person or group, but since it's referred to as "fonte" (source), it's a bit ambiguous. However, the example included "fonte" as a participant, so I should include it here as well.
7. "a polícia" – Referred to again, but "daquela polícia" refers back to "A Polícia Judiciária," so maybe it's redundant. But the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "fonte" separately, so I should check if "a polícia" here is the same as "A Polícia Judiciária" or a different entity. Since "daquela polícia" refers to the same as "A Polícia Judiciária," maybe "a polícia" is just a reference to the same entity. However, in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was included as a separate entity, so perhaps each mention is considered individually even if they refer to the same entity.

Wait, in the example, "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte" were both included. So even if it's the same entity, each mention is listed. So here, "fonte daquela polícia" is a separate mention, so "fonte" and "a polícia" might be separate. But "a polícia" here is the same as "A Polícia Judiciária," so maybe "a polícia" is redundant. However, the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "fonte" as separate entries. So perhaps each distinct mention is considered, even if they refer to the same entity.

So, in this case, "A Polícia Judiciária" and "a polícia" are both present. But since "a polícia" is the same as "A Polícia Judiciária," but in the example, they were listed as separate entities. Wait, in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was included once, and "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" was another entry. So maybe the exact phrases are considered, even if they refer to the same entity. So here, "A Polícia Judiciária" and "a polícia" are different phrases, so they should be considered separate entities. But maybe "a polícia" is just a reference to the same entity. However, the user's example included "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So perhaps each distinct mention is considered, even if they refer to the same entity.

Therefore, I should list each occurrence as a separate entity. So:

- "A Polícia Judiciária"
- "um homem de cerca de 60 anos"
- "Gandarela"
- "Celorico de Basto"
- "no distrito de Braga"
- "fonte daquela polícia"
- "a polícia" (from "daquela polícia")

Wait, but "daquela polícia" refers to "A Polícia Judiciária," so "a polícia" here is the same as "A Polícia Judiciária." However, the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entries. So maybe the exact phrases are considered. So "A Polícia Judiciária" and "a polícia" are different phrases, but refer to the same entity. However, the user's example included both "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" as separate entries. So perhaps each distinct mention is considered, even if they refer to the same entity. Therefore, in this case, "A Polícia Judiciária" and "a polícia" would both be listed as separate entities.

But wait, in the example, "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte" were included. So the exact phrases are considered. So in this case, "fonte daquela polícia" is a separate entity, and "a polícia" is another. However, "a polícia" is part of "fonte daquela polícia," so maybe "a polícia" is not a separate entity here. Hmm, this is a bit confusing.

Alternatively, maybe "fonte daquela polícia" is a single entity, and "a polícia" is part of that phrase. But in the example, "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" was included as a separate entity, and "a mesma fonte" as another. So perhaps each distinct mention of an entity is considered, even if they are parts of the same phrase.

So, in the given input, the entities would be:

1. "A Polícia Judiciária" – high confidence.
2. "um homem de cerca de 60 anos" – high confidence as the victim.
3. "Gandarela" – location, high confidence.
4. "Celorico de Basto" – location, high confidence.
5. "no distrito de Braga" – location, high confidence.
6. "fonte daquela polícia" – a source, high confidence.
7. "a polícia" – but this is part of "fonte daquela polícia," so maybe not a separate entity. Wait, "daquela polícia" is part of the phrase "fonte daquela polícia," so "a polícia" is not a separate entity here. So perhaps only "fonte daquela polícia" is the entity.

Wait, the original sentence says: "confirmou hoje fonte daquela polícia." So "fonte daquela polícia" is the entity that confirmed. So that's one entity. "A Polícia Judiciária" is the main entity. The other locations are Gandarela, Celorico de Basto, and Braga. The victim is the man. So the list would be:

["A Polícia Judiciária", "um homem de cerca de 60 anos", "Gandarela", "Celorico de Basto", "no distrito de Braga", "fonte daquela polícia"]

But in the example, they included "Lisboa" multiple times, even if it's the same place. So each mention is considered. However, in this case, "no distrito de Braga" is a phrase, but "Braga" is the district. So maybe "Braga" is the entity. Wait, the original input says "no distrito de Braga" – so "distrito de Braga" is the district, but "Braga" is the name of the district. So "Braga" is the entity here. So perhaps "Braga" is the entity, not "no distrito de Braga." But the example included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as an entity. So maybe the exact phrase is considered. So "no distrito de Braga" is the entity. Hmm, this is a bit ambiguous.

In the example, "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was included as an entity. So perhaps the exact phrase is taken, even if it's a prepositional phrase. So in this case, "no distrito de Braga" would be included as an entity. But "Braga" is the district, so maybe "Braga" is the entity. However, the example included "Lisboa" multiple times, so the exact mentions are considered. Therefore, in this case, "no distrito de Braga" would be an entity, as well as "Gandarela" and "Celorico de Basto."

So compiling all the entities:

- "A Polícia Judiciária"
- "um homem de cerca de 60 anos"
- "Gandarela"
- "Celorico de Basto"
- "no distrito de Braga"
- "fonte daquela polícia"

Now, assigning confidence scores. "A Polícia Judiciária" is definitely a participant, so 1.0. The man is the victim, so 1.0. The locations are participants as they are involved in the event, so 1.0. "fonte daquela polícia" is the source, so 1.0. However, "fonte daquela polícia" might be a person or group, but since it's mentioned as a source, it's a participant. So all these entities have high confidence.

But wait, the example included "fonte" as an entity. In this case, "fonte daquela polícia" is the entity. So maybe "fonte" is part of the entity name. So the exact phrase is "fonte daquela polícia," which is the entity. So that's one entry. The other entities are as listed.

So the final list would be:

[
  ["A Polícia Judiciária", 1.0],
  ["um homem de cerca de 60 anos", 1.0],
  ["Gandarela", 1.0],
  ["Celorico de Basto", 1.0],
  ["no distrito de Braga", 1.0],
  ["fonte daquela polícia", 1.0]
]

But wait, in the example, "Lisboa" was included multiple times, like "Lisboa" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado." So each distinct mention is considered. In this case, "no distrito de Braga" is a distinct mention, so it's included. "Gandarela" and "Celorico de Basto" are distinct locations. The man is the victim. The police are the investigators. The source is another participant.

I think that's all. Now, check if there are any other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any other organizations or people. So this should be the complete list.
</think>

[["A Polícia Judiciária", 1.0], ["um homem de cerca de 60 anos", 1.0], ["Gandarela", 1.0], ["Celorico de Basto", 1.0], ["no distrito de Braga", 1.0], ["fonte daquela polícia", 1.0]]