<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "Acrescentou que os primeiros meios de socorro a chegar ao local, da Cruz Vermelha local, encontraram-no já em paragem cardiorrespiratória." The participants to classify are "meios de socorro" and "Cruz Vermelha local".

First, I need to understand what each of these terms refers to. 

Starting with "meios de socorro" – this translates to "rescue means" or "emergency services". In the context of the sentence, they are the first responders arriving at the scene. These are typically organizations or groups, but the term "meios de socorro" might refer to the actual vehicles or equipment used. However, in Portuguese, "meios de socorro" can be a collective term for emergency services, which are organizations. But looking at the classes, "Org" is for organizations. However, if "meios de socorro" refers to the vehicles or equipment, that would be "Obj". But the example given in the task for "Obj" includes "a cadeira" (chair), which is a tangible object. However, "meios de socorro" might be more abstract, like the services themselves. Wait, but the example for "Org" includes "A EDP" (a company), so maybe "meios de socorro" here refers to the organization providing the services. But the phrase "da Cruz Vermelha local" (from the local Red Cross) is mentioned, which is an organization. So "meios de socorro" might be part of that organization. Alternatively, maybe "meios de socorro" is the actual vehicles or personnel, which would be "Obj" or "Per". But "Per" is for human individuals or characters. If "meios de socorro" refers to the people, then it's "Per", but if it's the equipment, then "Obj". However, in the sentence, they are the first to arrive, so they are the entities involved in the action. Since "Cruz Vermelha local" is explicitly mentioned as the organization, and "meios de socorro" is part of that, maybe "meios de socorro" here refers to the organization's resources, which could be "Org". But I'm a bit confused here. Let me check the classes again. "Org" is for entities with an organizational structure. If "meios de socorro" is part of the Red Cross, then maybe it's part of the organization. But the term itself might be more of a service or a group, which could be "Org". Alternatively, if it's the actual vehicles or equipment, then "Obj". But the example given for "Obj" is a chair, which is a tangible object. "Meios de socorro" could be vehicles like ambulances, which are "Obj". However, in Portuguese, "meios de socorro" can be both the people and the equipment. But in this context, since they are arriving at the scene, it's more likely referring to the personnel or the vehicles. If it's the vehicles, then "Obj". If it's the people, then "Per". But the sentence says "os primeiros meios de socorro a chegar ao local", which is "the first means of rescue to arrive at the location". "Means of rescue" here might be the vehicles or the teams. If it's the teams, then "Per" (if they are people) or "Org" (if they are part of an organization). But since "Cruz Vermelha local" is the organization, and "meios de socorro" are part of that, maybe "meios de socorro" here is the organization's resources, which would be "Org". However, I'm not sure. Let me think again. If the Red Cross is the organization, and the "meios de socorro" are the teams or vehicles under their organization, then "meios de socorro" could be considered as part of the organization, but the term itself might not be an organization. Alternatively, maybe "meios de socorro" is a collective noun for the emergency services, which would be an organization. But I'm not certain. 

Now, looking at "Cruz Vermelha local" – this is clearly the local Red Cross, which is an organization. So that's definitely "Org".

For "meios de socorro", considering that in the example given in the task, "Obj" includes "a cadeira" (chair), which is a tangible object. If "meios de socorro" refers to the actual vehicles or equipment, then "Obj". If it refers to the personnel, then "Per". But in the sentence, they are the ones arriving, so they are the actors. If they are people, then "Per". But the term "meios de socorro" can be both people and equipment. However, in Portuguese, "meios" can mean "means" or "resources", so it's possible that it refers to the vehicles or equipment, making it "Obj". Alternatively, if it's the teams or personnel, then "Per". But without more context, it's a bit ambiguous. However, given that the Red Cross is an organization, and the "meios de socorro" are part of their resources, maybe it's safer to classify "meios de socorro" as "Obj" if they are equipment, or "Org" if they are part of the organization. But I think in this case, since the Red Cross is the organization, and the "meios de socorro" are their resources, it's more likely that "meios de socorro" here refers to the actual vehicles or equipment, hence "Obj". But I'm not 100% sure. Alternatively, maybe "meios de socorro" is a collective term for the emergency services, which would be an organization. But I'm not certain. Given the ambiguity, I might need to go with the most probable classification. Since the example for "Obj" includes "a cadeira", which is a tangible object, and "meios de socorro" could be vehicles, I'll go with "Obj" for "meios de socorro" with a confidence of 0.7. For "Cruz Vermelha local", it's clearly an organization, so "Org" with high confidence.
</think>

<Output>[["meios de socorro", "Obj", 0.7], ["Cruz Vermelha local", "Org", 0.95]]</Output>