<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, or even objects involved in the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Acrescentou que os primeiros meios de socorro a chegar ao local, da Cruz Vermelha local, encontraram-no já em paragem cardiorrespiratória."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "meios de socorro" (rescue means), "Cruz Vermelha local" (local Red Cross), and possibly "encontraram-no" (found him), but that's an action, not an entity. The person found is mentioned as "encontraram-no", but the pronoun "no" refers to someone, but since the name isn't given, maybe it's not a participant here. The key entities are the rescue teams from the Red Cross.

Looking at the example output, they included entities even if they were repeated, like "Avião" and "o motor" multiple times. So I should check for all mentions, even if they are the same entity with different articles or forms.

In the input, "meios de socorro" is a collective noun, referring to the rescue teams. "Cruz Vermelha local" is the organization. The pronoun "encontraram-no" refers to a person, but since the name isn't specified, maybe it's not included unless inferred. However, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" even though they were pronouns. So perhaps "encontraram-no" refers to a person, but without a name, maybe it's not a participant. Alternatively, if the context implies a person, but since the name isn't given, maybe it's not included. 

Wait, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. So even if it's a pronoun or a role, they are considered participants. So in this case, "encontraram-no" might refer to a person, but since the name isn't given, maybe it's not included. Alternatively, if the pronoun is part of the entity, but I think the user wants actual named entities. 

So, the main participants here are "meios de socorro" and "Cruz Vermelha local". Also, "local" might be part of the organization's name, so "Cruz Vermelha local" is the full entity. 

I need to check if "meios de socorro" is a participant. Since they are the ones arriving at the scene, they are involved in the event. The confidence for "meios de socorro" would be high, maybe 0.9. For "Cruz Vermelha local", also high, 0.9. The pronoun "encontraram-no" refers to a person, but without a name, maybe not included. 

Wait, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. So even if it's a role or a pronoun, they are considered participants. However, in this case, "encontraram-no" is an action, not an entity. The person found is not named, so maybe not included. 

So the final list would be ["meios de socorro", 0.9], ["Cruz Vermelha local", 0.9]. But I need to check if "local" is part of the entity. The original text says "da Cruz Vermelha local", so "Cruz Vermelha local" is the full name. 

I think that's it. Let me make sure there are no other entities. The sentence doesn't mention other organizations or people. So the answer should be those two entities with high confidence.
</think>

[["meios de socorro", 0.9], ["Cruz Vermelha local", 0.9]]