<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, or even objects involved in the event.

First, I need to understand the input text. The sentence is "O homem foi encontrado na via pública." Translating that, it's "The man was found in the public way." So the main event here is the man being found in a public place.

Looking at the definition, participants are those actively involved or impacted. The man is obviously the subject here, so he's a participant. The "via pública" (public way) is the location where the event happened. But wait, is the location considered a participant? The example given in the task included "aeroporto" (airport) as a participant, so maybe locations are included if they are part of the event's context.

But the example output for the previous input included "aeroporto", "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", "Lisboa", etc. So even the location names are considered participants. So in this case, "via pública" would be a participant. However, the user's example output didn't include "via pública" in their example, but maybe that's because the example was different. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "aeroporto", "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", "Lisboa", etc. So locations are included. Therefore, in the current input, "via pública" should be a participant. However, the user's example output also included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source), which are entities mentioned as sources. But in the current input, there's no mention of a source, just the man and the location.

So the participants here would be "O homem" and "via pública". Let me check the confidence. "O homem" is clearly the subject, so confidence is high, maybe 0.95. "via pública" is the location where the event happened, so that's also a participant. But maybe the user considers locations as participants only if they are explicitly named. However, in the previous example, "aeroporto" was included even when it was part of the airport name. So "via pública" is a general term, but in the context, it's the location where the man was found. So I should include it.

Wait, but the example output included "aeroporto" as a participant. So even if it's a general term, but in the context of the event, it's considered a participant. So here, "via pública" is the location, so it's a participant. Therefore, the output should be:

[["O homem", 0.95], ["via pública", 0.8]]

But wait, the example output had multiple instances of the same entity. For example, "Avião" and "Um avião" were both listed. However, in this case, "O homem" and "O homem" are the same, but the input only mentions "O homem" once. So maybe I should just list "O homem" once with a confidence score. However, the example had duplicates, but perhaps that's because the same entity was mentioned in different forms. In this case, the input only mentions "O homem" once, so it's just one entry. "via pública" is mentioned once as well.

Alternatively, maybe "via pública" is not considered a participant. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The location is where the event happened, but is it considered a participant? The example included "aeroporto" as a participant. So I think it's safe to include "via pública" here.

So the final answer would be the two entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["O homem", 0.95], ["via pública", 0.8]]