<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "Após a confirmação do óbito, o corpo foi levado para a morgue de Guimarães, era já 01:00 de hoje." The participants to classify are ["o corpo", "a morgue de Guimarães", "Guimarães"].

First, I need to go through each entity and determine their class based on the given categories. Let's start with "o corpo". The term "corpo" translates to "body" in English. According to the classes, "Obj" is for tangible, manmade objects. However, a human body is a natural entity, so it should fall under "Nat". Wait, but the example given for "Nat" includes animals and plants. Wait, the definition says Nat is entities that are not manmade and occur naturally, like animals, plants. A human body is a person, which is a Per. Wait, but "corpo" here refers to the body of a deceased person. But in the classification, Per is for human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. However, if the body is being referred to as an object, maybe it's considered an object. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. Let me check the examples again. In the example given, "O cao" (the dog) is classified as Nat. So if "corpo" is a human body, maybe it's considered Nat? Or is it Per? Wait, the Per class includes human individuals. But if the body is the physical remains, maybe it's an object. Wait, the example for Obj includes "a cadeira" (the chair), which is a manmade object. The body is a natural entity, so maybe Nat. But the user might consider "corpo" as an object. Alternatively, maybe "corpo" here is the patient in the event, so it's a Per? I'm a bit confused here. Let me think again. If the body is the physical entity being moved, perhaps it's an object. But humans are Per. However, when referring to the body as an object, like a corpse, maybe it's considered an object. Alternatively, since it's a human body, it's a Per. But in the example, "O cao" (the dog) is Nat. So maybe "corpo" here is considered Nat. But I'm not sure. Maybe I should check the definitions again. The Per class is for human individuals or characters. If the body is part of a human, but the person is deceased, does that change the classification? Maybe it's still Per. Alternatively, if it's being treated as an object (like a corpse), then Obj. Hmm. This is a bit ambiguous. I'll go with Obj for now, but I'm not entirely confident.

Next, "a morgue de Guimarães". Morgue is a facility, so that's "Fac". The example in the initial task had "aeroporto" as Fac. So "morgue" is a facility, so "Fac" makes sense here. The confidence is high, so 1.0.

Then "Guimarães". This is a city in Portugal. The classes include Pl_civil for political regions or administrative areas, usually sub-national. Since Guimarães is a city, which is a sub-national administrative area, it would be Pl_civil. However, sometimes cities can be considered Pl_capital if they are capitals. But Guimarães is not the capital of Portugal; the capital is Lisbon. So "Guimarães" is a Pl_civil. Alternatively, if it's considered a Pl_region, but the definition for Pl_region is non-political or non-administrative regions like deserto or ilha. Since Guimarães is a city, which is an administrative area, Pl_civil is correct. So confidence is high, 1.0.

So the classifications would be:

["o corpo", "Obj", 0.7], ["a morgue de Guimarães", "Fac", 1.0], ["Guimarães", "Pl_civil", 1.0]

Wait, but earlier I was uncertain about "o corpo". Let me check again. If "corpo" is the body of a deceased person, is that considered a Per or Nat or Obj? The example for Per is "O rapaz" (the boy), which is a human. If the body is part of a human, but the person is deceased, does that make it a Per? Or is it considered an object? The definition says Per includes human individuals. So if the body is the person's body, then it's a Per. But in the example given, "O cao" (the dog) is Nat. So maybe "corpo" here is a Per. But the user might have a different take. Alternatively, if the body is being treated as an object (like a corpse), then Obj. This is a bit of a gray area. Given that the example for Obj includes manmade objects, and the body is a natural entity, but it's part of a human, which is a Per. However, the body itself is not a person, but the remains. So perhaps it's considered an object. But I'm not sure. Maybe the safest is to go with Obj here, with a confidence of 0.7.
</think>

<Output>[["o corpo", "Obj", 0.7], ["a morgue de Guimarães", "Fac", 1.0], ["Guimarães", "Pl_civil", 1.0]]</Output>