<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence from the GNR (which I think is a Portuguese police force) stating that they seized fishponds during a river patrol action aimed at controlling fishing rules and maritime safety. The participants to classify are "GNR", "fishponds", and "river patrol action".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had entities like "Plane" classified as Object, "airport" as Facility, and "Lusa" as Organization. So I need to apply similar logic here.

Starting with "GNR". I know that GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is the National Republican Guard in Portugal. That's a law enforcement agency, so it's an Organization. So "GNR" should be "Org".

Next, "fishponds". Fishponds are man-made bodies of water used for raising fish. They are physical objects, so they would fall under Object. But wait, sometimes "fishponds" could be considered a location if they are a specific place, but in this context, they're being seized, which implies they are objects or property. So "Obj".

Then "river patrol action". This sounds like an action or operation conducted by the GNR. Actions aren't physical entities, so they might not fit into the standard classes. However, looking at the example, "emergency landing" was classified as an Object, but that might have been part of a noun phrase. Wait, in the example, "engine failure" was "Obj", but "emergency landing" was also "Obj". Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "river patrol action" is an event, which might be considered as "Other" if it doesn't fit into the other categories. But the example didn't have an "Other" classification. Let me check the classes again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So if "river patrol action" isn't any of those, it might be "Other". Alternatively, "action" could be a process, but the example had "engine failure" as Object. Maybe "river patrol action" is a type of activity, which might be considered as "Other". But I need to see if any of the existing classes apply. Since it's an action, not a physical object, location, etc., "Other" might be the right choice. However, in the example, "source" was classified as "Per" (Person), and "the same source" as "Per". So "river patrol action" isn't a person, organization, object, location, nature, or facility. Therefore, "Other" would be the correct class here.

Wait, but maybe "river patrol action" is a type of event or activity. But the classes don't have an event category. The example had "engine failure" as Object, which is a noun phrase. So perhaps "river patrol action" is an Object here, as it's a noun phrase referring to an action. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "river patrol" is a type of facility? No, that doesn't make sense. Maybe "river patrol action" is an event, which would be "Other". 

Alternatively, looking at the example again, "emergency landing" was classified as "Obj", even though it's an event. So maybe "river patrol action" is also an Object. But that seems inconsistent. However, the example might have used "Obj" for any noun phrase that isn't clearly a person, organization, location, etc. So "fishponds" are objects, "GNR" is an organization, and "river patrol action" is an object. But I'm not entirely sure. Alternatively, "river patrol action" could be a type of activity, which would be "Other". 

Hmm. This is a bit tricky. Let me think again. The classes are:

- Person: individuals or people.
- Organization: groups, companies, agencies.
- Object: physical items, things.
- Location: places, cities, countries.
- Nature: natural elements, like rivers, mountains.
- Facility: buildings, airports, etc.
- Other: anything else not fitting above.

So "GNR" is an organization. "Fishponds" are objects. "River patrol action" is an action, which is not a person, organization, object, location, nature, or facility. Therefore, it should be "Other". But in the example, "engine failure" was classified as "Obj", which is a noun phrase. Maybe the classifier treats any noun phrase as an object unless it's clearly another category. But "river patrol action" is a noun phrase referring to an action, which is a process, not an object. So perhaps "Other" is correct here. 

Alternatively, if "river patrol action" is considered a type of event, which isn't covered by the classes, then "Other" is the right choice. So the classifications would be:

["GNR", "Org"], ["fishponds", "Obj"], ["river patrol action", "Other"].

But I need to make sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "engine failure" was "Obj", "airport" was "Fac", "Lisbon" was "Pl_capital", etc. So "river patrol action" is a noun phrase, but not an object. Maybe in this case, it's considered "Other". Alternatively, maybe "action" is part of the classification. But the example didn't have any "Other" entries. Wait, in the example output, the last entry was "website." as "Loc". So maybe "Other" is allowed. 

Alternatively, maybe "river patrol action" is a type of activity, which is not covered by the classes, so "Other" is correct. Therefore, the final answer would be:

[["GNR", "Org"], ["fishponds", "Obj"], ["river patrol action", "Other"]].
</think>

<Output>[["GNR", "Org"], ["fishponds", "Obj"], ["river patrol action", "Other"]]</Output>