<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what counts as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input text: "Em comunicado, a Guarda explicou que após uma denúncia relacionada com um crime de violência doméstica, os militares "foram ao local, onde a vítima, uma mulher de 25 anos, foi alvo de coação psicológica por parte do companheiro, um homem com 33 anos"."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "a Guarda" – This is likely a reference to a police or security force, so an organization.
2. "os militares" – Military personnel, part of the Guarda.
3. "a vítima" – The victim, a 25-year-old woman.
4. "uma mulher de 25 anos" – The same as the victim, explicitly mentioned.
5. "o companheiro" – The perpetrator, a 33-year-old man.
6. "um homem com 33 anos" – Same as the companion, explicitly mentioned.

I need to check if there are any other entities. The text mentions "uma denúncia" (a report), but the person who made the report isn't named, so maybe not a participant. "Comunidade" or other groups aren't mentioned. The location isn't specified beyond "ao local" (the place), which is vague, so maybe not included.

Now, confidence scores. "a Guarda" is definitely an organization, so high confidence. "os militares" are part of the Guarda, so also high. The victim and the perpetrator are clearly mentioned with their ages, so high confidence. The terms "a vítima" and "o companheiro" are roles, but the actual people are specified with their ages. However, the user's example includes both the role and the explicit mention, so I should include all instances. For example, "a vítima" and "uma mulher de 25 anos" are separate entries. Same with "o companheiro" and "um homem com 33 anos".

Wait, in the example provided, they included both "Avião" and "o motor" as separate entities. So even if they refer to the same thing, each mention is a separate entry. So here, "a vítima" and "uma mulher de 25 anos" are two separate mentions, even though they refer to the same person. Similarly for the man.

So the list would be:

- "a Guarda" (organization)
- "os militares" (group)
- "a vítima" (individual)
- "uma mulher de 25 anos" (individual)
- "o companheiro" (individual)
- "um homem com 33 anos" (individual)

Confidence for each: "a Guarda" and "os militares" are high, maybe 0.95. The individuals are also high, 0.95 each. The roles like "a vítima" and "o companheiro" are roles but since they are explicitly mentioned, they should be included. However, the user's example included "a aeronave" and "O avião" as separate entries. So even if they refer to the same thing, each mention is a separate entity. So here, "a vítima" and "uma mulher de 25 anos" are two separate mentions, so both should be included with their own confidence scores. Same for the man.

I need to make sure not to miss any. The "denúncia" is a report but not a participant. The location isn't specified. So the final list should have those six entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["a Guarda", 0.95], ["os militares", 0.9], ["a vítima", 0.95], ["uma mulher de 25 anos", 0.95], ["o companheiro", 0.95], ["um homem com 33 anos", 0.95]]