<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and they need to be identified based on their relevance to the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "The Dutch government approved on Tuesday a rescue plan for the air carrier KLM, worth several billion euros, after pilots accepted a five-year salary reduction."

Breaking it down, the main event here is the Dutch government approving a rescue plan for KLM. The participants would be the entities involved in this action. Let's list them out.

"The Dutch government" is clearly a participant. They are the ones approving the plan. Then, "KLM" is the air carrier receiving the rescue plan. "Pilots" are mentioned as having accepted a salary reduction, so they are involved in the situation. The "rescue plan" itself might be considered an entity, but the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The plan is an action or a thing, not an entity. So maybe not include that. 

Wait, the example output included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. But in this case, the rescue plan is an action, not an entity. So perhaps the rescue plan isn't a participant. Let me check the definition again. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. The rescue plan is a plan, which is an abstract concept, not an entity. So probably not included.

So the main participants here are the Dutch government, KLM, and the pilots. Let me check the example again. In the example, "source" and "the same source" were included. So if the text mentions a source, that's a participant. In this case, there's no mention of a source, so maybe not. 

Wait, the input here doesn't have any sources mentioned. So the participants would be the Dutch government, KLM, and the pilots. Let's make sure. The Dutch government is an organization, KLM is an organization, and pilots are a group of individuals. 

What about "air carrier"? The text says "air carrier KLM," so "air carrier" is a descriptor for KLM. But in the example, "airline Jota Aviation" was included. So maybe "air carrier" here is a role, not an entity. So KLM is the entity. 

Also, the "rescue plan" is an action, not an entity. The "five-year salary reduction" is a term, but again, not an entity. 

So the participants are: The Dutch government, KLM, pilots. 

Now, checking the example output again. The example included "Lusa.", "a Public Security Police", "airline Jota Aviation", etc. So in this case, "The Dutch government" is an organization, "KLM" is an organization, and "pilots" is a group. 

Confidence scores: The Dutch government is explicitly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). KLM is explicitly mentioned as the air carrier, so 0.95. Pilots are mentioned as having accepted the salary reduction, so 0.85. 

Wait, but in the example, "engine" was included. However, in this case, "salary reduction" is an action, not an entity. So maybe "pilots" is the only group here. 

Wait, the example included "engine" as a participant. But in that case, the engine was part of the event (engine failure). Here, the salary reduction is a term related to the pilots' action. But the pilots themselves are the participants. 

So the final list would be:

["The Dutch government", 0.95], ["KLM", 0.95], ["pilots", 0.85]

I need to make sure there are no other entities. The text mentions "air carrier KLM" but "air carrier" is a role, not an entity. The "rescue plan" is an action, not an entity. The "five-year salary reduction" is a term, but not an entity. 

So the answer should be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["The Dutch government", 0.95], ["KLM", 0.95], ["pilots", 0.85]]