<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even phrases like "to engine" or "a stopped engine" are considered participants, so I need to be thorough.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is: "But KLM meanwhile announced that the union had given in, which led the government to say it was ready to lend 3.4 billion euros, according to news agency France-Presse (AFP)."

Breaking it down:

- "KLM" is an airline, so that's definitely a participant. Confidence high, maybe 0.95.
- "the union" – the union is involved here, so that's a participant. Confidence around 0.85.
- "the government" – the government is acting, so participant. Confidence 0.9.
- "3.4 billion euros" – this is a sum of money, but is it a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The money is part of the action (lending), but maybe not an entity. Hmm, maybe not. The example didn't include numbers like that. So perhaps exclude.
- "news agency France-Presse (AFP)" – AFP is an organization, so that's a participant. Confidence 0.95.

Wait, the example included "a Public Security Police" and "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" as participants. So organizations are included. Also, "source" and "the same source" were included, even though they were generic terms. So maybe "the government" and "the union" are participants here.

Also, "KLM" is an organization, so that's a participant. "France-Presse (AFP)" is the news agency, so that's another participant.

I need to check if any other entities are mentioned. The sentence mentions "the union" and "the government" as actors. The money is part of the government's action but not an entity. So the participants are KLM, the union, the government, and France-Presse (AFP).

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In this case, "according to news agency France-Presse (AFP)" – so "France-Presse (AFP)" is the source here. So that's a participant. The example also included "the same source" as a participant, but in this case, there's only one source mentioned. So maybe just "France-Presse (AFP)".

So compiling the list:

["KLM", 0.95], ["the union", 0.85], ["the government", 0.9], ["France-Presse (AFP)", 0.95]

I need to make sure I didn't miss any. The sentence structure is: KLM announced the union gave in, leading the government to lend money, according to AFP. So all these entities are involved. The money is part of the government's action but not an entity. So the four entities listed above are the participants.
</think>

[["KLM", 0.95], ["the union", 0.85], ["the government", 0.9], ["France-Presse (AFP)", 0.95]]