<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo? The original input had "due to engine failure," so "engine" is the participant here. But the example includes "to engine" which might be an error. Hmm, but I should follow the example's structure even if it's not perfect.

Looking at the input: "Around three thousand pilots are expected to be particularly affected by this plan, with salary cuts that could reach up to 20%, according to the country's media."

First, identify the main entities. "pilots" are definitely participants as they are affected. The "plan" mentioned here is the entity causing the effect, so that's a participant. "country's media" is another entity, as they are reporting the information. The "salary cuts" are part of the plan's effect, but are they a participant? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. Salary cuts are an action or consequence, not an entity. So maybe not. The "plan" itself is an entity, but the example didn't include "plan" in the output. Wait, in the example input, the output included "engine" and "a stopped engine," which are parts of the event. So maybe the plan here is considered a participant. Let me check the example again. The input had "engine failure" and the output included "engine" and "a stopped engine." So the actual entity is the engine. Similarly, here, the plan is an entity. But the example didn't include "plan" in the output. Wait, the example input was about a plane landing, and the output included "plane," "engine," etc. The plan in the current input is an abstract entity, but maybe it's considered a participant. However, the example didn't have "plan" in the output. Wait, the example input had "the alert for an emergency landing due to the aircraft having a stopped engine," and the output included "a stopped engine." So the actual entity is the engine. So in the current input, "plan" is an entity that's causing the effect. So "plan" should be included. But the example didn't have "plan" in the output. Wait, the example's input was about a plane landing, and the output included entities like "plane," "engine," "airport," etc. The "plan" here is an abstract entity, but the user might expect it to be included. However, the example didn't have "plan" in the output. Wait, the example input didn't have "plan" as a participant. Let me check again. The example input was about a plane landing, and the output included "plane," "engine," "airport," etc. The "plan" in the current input is a different context. So maybe "plan" is a participant here. But the user's example didn't include "plan," so perhaps the user is expecting only explicit entities. Alternatively, maybe the "plan" is considered an entity here. Let me think again. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The plan is the cause of the salary cuts, so it's an entity involved. So "plan" should be included. But the example didn't have "plan" in the output. Wait, the example input had "the alert for an emergency landing due to the aircraft having a stopped engine," and the output included "a stopped engine." So the actual entity is the engine. Similarly, here, the plan is an entity. So "plan" should be included. But the example didn't have "plan" in the output. Wait, the example input was about a plane, and the output included "plane," "engine," etc. So maybe the user expects "plan" to be included here. But the example didn't have "plan" in the output. Hmm, maybe the user is considering "plan" as an abstract concept and not an entity. Alternatively, maybe the user is considering "plan" as part of the event, but not an entity. This is a bit confusing. Let's proceed with the entities that are explicitly mentioned. The text mentions "pilots," "country's media," and "plan." But "plan" is an abstract noun here. The "country's media" is an entity. The "pilots" are individuals. The "plan" might be considered an entity if it's a specific plan by an organization, but the text doesn't specify which plan. So maybe "plan" is not a participant here. Alternatively, the "plan" is the cause, so it's an entity. But the example didn't include "plan," so perhaps the user expects only explicit entities. Let me check the example again. The example input had "engine failure," and the output included "engine" and "a stopped engine." So the actual entity is the engine. Similarly, here, the "plan" is the cause, but it's an abstract entity. The user might not consider it as a participant. Alternatively, the "plan" is an entity. But the example didn't include "plan," so maybe it's better to include "pilots" and "country's media" as participants. The "salary cuts" are an effect, not an entity. So the participants would be "pilots," "country's media," and "plan." But the example didn't include "plan," so maybe the user expects only the explicit entities. Wait, the example input had "a Public Security Police source" and "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal," which are organizations. So in the current input, "country's media" is an organization, so that's a participant. "Pilots" are individuals. The "plan" is an abstract entity, but the user might not consider it as a participant. So the output would be ["pilots", "country's media"]. But the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine," which are parts of the event. So maybe "plan" is considered a participant here. Alternatively, the user might not consider "plan" as a participant. This is a bit ambiguous. Let me proceed with the entities that are explicitly mentioned as participants. The text says "pilots are expected to be particularly affected by this plan," so the plan is the cause, but the pilots are the affected. The "country's media" is the source of the information. So the participants are "pilots," "country's media," and "plan." But the example didn't include "plan," so maybe the user expects only the explicit entities. Alternatively, the "plan" is an entity. Hmm. I think the safest approach is to include "pilots" and "country's media" as participants. The "plan" might be considered an entity, but without more context, it's unclear. However, the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine," which are parts of the event. So in this case, "plan" is an entity. Therefore, the output would be ["pilots", "country's media", "plan"]. But the example didn't have "plan," so maybe the user expects only the explicit entities. Alternatively, the user might consider "plan" as an entity. Let me check the example again. The example input had "engine failure," and the output included "engine" and "a stopped engine." So the actual entity is the engine. Similarly, here, the "plan" is an entity. So I think "plan" should be included. Therefore, the participants are "pilots," "country's media," and "plan." Now, assigning confidence. "pilots" is definitely a participant, so 1.0. "country's media" is an entity, so 1.0. "plan" is an entity, but it's abstract. Maybe 0.7. But the example included "engine" with 1.0. So maybe "plan" is 1.0. Alternatively, the user might not consider "plan" as a participant. This is tricky. Let me proceed with the entities that are explicitly mentioned. The text says "according to the country's media," so "country's media" is a participant. "pilots" are affected. The "plan" is the cause, but the user might not consider it as a participant. So the output would be ["pilots", "country's media"]. Assigning confidence: 1.0 for both. But the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine," which are parts of the event. So maybe "plan" is also included. Therefore, the final answer would be [["pilots", 1.0], ["country's media", 1.0], ["plan", 0.8]].
</think>

[["pilots", 1.0], ["country's media", 1.0], ["plan", 0.8]]