<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like companies, organizations, people, places, etc., and even some phrases that represent entities.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input here is: "Air France-KLM lost 1.6 billion euros in the third quarter, which compares with a profit of 363 million in the same quarter last year."

So, the main event here is Air France-KLM's financial loss. The participants would be the entities involved in this event. Let's break it down.

The first part is "Air France-KLM" – that's definitely a company, so that's a participant. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95 or 1.0.

Next, the financial figures: "1.6 billion euros" and "363 million". Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. But money amounts might not be participants unless they are part of an organization's name. However, in the example given by the user, they included "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants, which are more like objects or causes. Hmm, maybe in this case, the numbers are just data points and not participants. Let me check the example again.

In the example, "engine" and "a stopped engine" were included. So maybe any noun phrase that's a key part of the event is considered a participant. But the numbers here are just financial figures, not entities. So perhaps they shouldn't be included. The user's example didn't include numbers, so maybe numbers aren't participants. So I should focus on entities like organizations, people, places, etc.

Looking at the sentence again: "Air France-KLM" is the main entity. Then, "third quarter" and "same quarter last year" are time references, not participants. The comparison is between the current quarter and last year's, but the quarters themselves aren't participants. The profit and loss are results, not participants. 

Wait, the example included "Lisbon" and "Farnborough" as participants. So places are included. But in this case, there's no mention of places. The only entity is Air France-KLM. Are there any other entities? The sentence mentions "euros" and "million", but those are units of currency, not participants. 

Wait, the example also included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In this input, there's no mention of a source or any other entities. So the only participant is Air France-KLM. 

But wait, the example had "Lusa." as a participant, which is a news agency. In the current input, there's no such entity. So the only participant here is Air France-KLM. 

But let me check again. The user's example included "the airports" as a participant. In the current input, there's no mention of airports. So the only entity is Air France-KLM. 

Therefore, the output should be a list with ["Air France-KLM", 1.0], since it's clearly the main participant here. The financial figures and time references aren't entities but data points. 

Wait, but the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So maybe any noun phrase that's part of the event is considered. However, in this case, the loss is attributed to Air France-KLM, so the company is the participant. The numbers are just the amount lost, not participants. 

I think that's correct. So the final answer should be a JSON list with just Air France-KLM and a confidence of 1.0.
</think>

[["Air France-KLM", 1.0]]