<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "A Unidade de Controlo Costeiro apreendeu hoje de madrugada no rio Guadiana, no Algarve, quase quatro toneladas de haxixe e uma embarcação de alta velocidade, informou a GNR."

Breaking it down, the main event is the seizure of drugs and a boat. The participants would be the entities involved in this action. Let's list them:

1. "A Unidade de Controlo Costeiro" – This is the entity that performed the action (apreendeu). Definitely a participant.
2. "rio Guadiana" – The location where the event happened. But is a river considered a participant? The definition says entities impacted by the event. The river might be a location, not an active participant. Maybe not include it.
3. "Algarve" – Another location. Similar to the river, probably not a participant.
4. "quase quatro toneladas de haxixe" – The seized drugs. These are objects involved, but are they participants? The definition includes entities impacted, so maybe yes. But the example given in the task includes things like "o motor" which is a part of the plane. So maybe objects involved are included.
5. "uma embarcação de alta velocidade" – The boat seized. Again, an object involved, so likely a participant.
6. "a GNR" – The entity that informed about the event. They are a participant as they are providing information, but are they involved in the action? The original action was done by the Unidade de Controlo Costeiro, and GNR is informing. So maybe they are a participant as an observer or source.

Now, checking the example output from the user's previous task. For instance, in the plane example, they included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So objects involved in the event are included. Also, locations like "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" were included. However, in the current input, the river and Algarve are locations. The example included "Lisboa" multiple times, so maybe locations are considered participants. So I should include "rio Guadiana" and "Algarve" as participants.

Wait, but the example also included "os aeroportos" and "Farnborough", which are locations. So maybe locations are participants. So in this case, "rio Guadiana" and "Algarve" should be included.

Then, the seized items: "quase quase quatro toneladas de haxixe" and "uma embarcação de alta velocidade" – these are objects involved, so participants. Also, "a GNR" is mentioned as the source of information, so they are a participant as an observer or informant.

So compiling the list:

- "A Unidade de Controlo Costeiro" – high confidence (0.95)
- "rio Guadiana" – 0.8
- "Algarve" – 0.8
- "quase quatro toneladas de haxixe" – 0.75
- "uma embarcação de alta velocidade" – 0.75
- "a GNR" – 0.9

Wait, but the example had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In this case, "informou a GNR" – so "a GNR" is the one informing, so they are a participant. Also, "a GNR" is an organization, so definitely a participant.

But the user's example included "fonte" as a participant, even though it's a generic term. Here, "a GNR" is specific, so it's a participant.

Now, checking for duplicates. The example had multiple mentions of the same entity, like "Lisboa" appearing multiple times. In this case, "Algarve" and "rio Guadiana" are mentioned once each. The seized items are mentioned once each. "a GNR" is mentioned once.

So the final list would be:

[
  ["A Unidade de Controlo Costeiro", 0.95],
  ["rio Guadiana", 0.8],
  ["Algarve", 0.8],
  ["quase quatro toneladas de haxixe", 0.75],
  ["uma embarcação de alta velocidade", 0.75],
  ["a GNR", 0.9]
]

I need to make sure that all entities are included, even if they are locations or objects. Also, check if "quase quatro toneladas de haxixe" is considered a single entity. Since it's a quantity and substance, it's a single entity. Similarly for the boat. The confidence scores are estimates, but should be between 0 and 1. The example had some entries with 0.6, so I can use similar ranges.
</think>

[["A Unidade de Controlo Costeiro", 0.95], ["rio Guadiana", 0.8], ["Algarve", 0.8], ["quase quatro toneladas de haxixe", 0.75], ["uma embarcação de alta velocidade", 0.75], ["a GNR", 0.9]]