<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Os militares da GNR não conseguiram intercetar os suspeitos, que “encetaram fuga para território espanhol, tendo sido informadas as autoridades policiais espanholas”, lê-se ainda na nota."

Breaking it down:

1. "Os militares da GNR" – GNR is a Portuguese police force, so "militares da GNR" are participants as they are involved in the event.
2. "os suspeitos" – the suspects are definitely participants as they are the ones fleeing.
3. "território espanhol" – the Spanish territory is involved as the location of the escape.
4. "autoridades policiais espanholas" – Spanish police authorities are participants because they were informed and would be involved in the situation.

Now, checking for any other entities. The text mentions "a nota" which is the note, but that's more of a document reference, not a participant. The quotes are part of the statement, not entities. The verb "encetaram fuga" is an action, but the subject is "os suspeitos," which we've already included.

Confidence scores: "militares da GNR" and "os suspeitos" are explicitly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). "território espanhol" is a location, but is it a participant? The definition says entities impacted by the event. Since the suspects fled there, it's relevant. Maybe 0.8. "autoridades policiais espanholas" are directly mentioned as being informed, so high confidence (0.95). 

Wait, "território espanhol" is a location, but the user's example included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants. So locations can be participants if they are part of the event. So including "território espanhol" makes sense. 

Double-checking for any other entities. "a nota" is the note, but not a participant. The rest are actions or descriptions. So the final list should be the four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Os militares da GNR", 0.95], ["os suspeitos", 0.95], ["território espanhol", 0.8], ["autoridades policiais espanholas", 0.95]]