<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, or even objects involved in the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Segundo a GNR, a embarcação foi detetada com a ajuda do Sistema Integrado de Vigilância, Comando e Controlo (SIVICC), no âmbito de uma ação de vigilância e patrulhamento da costa."

Breaking this down, the main entities here are:

1. "a GNR" – GNR is the Guarda Nacional Republicana, a Portuguese national police force. So this is an organization.
2. "a embarcação" – translates to "the vessel" or "the boat," which is an object involved.
3. "Sistema Integrado de Vigilância, Comando e Controlo (SIVICC)" – this is a system, so it's an entity.
4. "uma ação de vigilância e patrulhamento da costa" – this is an action, but the participants are the entities performing it. However, the phrase might refer to the GNR's action, so maybe "ação" isn't a participant but the action itself. But the example includes "a aterragem de emergência" as a participant, so maybe actions can be included if they are named entities. Wait, in the example, "a aterragem de emergência" was listed as a participant. So perhaps actions or events that are central to the event are considered participants.

Wait, looking back at the example input and output. The example input mentions "avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", etc. So even objects like the plane, the motor, the airport are considered participants. So in this case, "a embarcação" is the vessel, which is a participant. "SIVICC" is a system, so that's an entity. "GNR" is an organization. The action "ação de vigilância e patrulhamento da costa" might be considered as part of the event, but the participants are the entities involved. However, the example includes "a aterragem de emergência" as a participant, which is an event. So maybe events or actions that are central are also included. But in this case, the action is part of the GNR's activity, so maybe the GNR is the participant, and the action is part of their role. 

Wait, the example output includes "a aterragem de emergência" as a participant. So even if it's an event, it's included. So in this input, "a ação de vigilância e patrulhamento da costa" might be considered a participant. However, the example output also includes "no aeroporto de Lisboa" as a participant. So locations are included as well. 

So, in the current input, the participants would be:

- "a GNR" – organization
- "a embarcação" – object
- "Sistema Integrado de Vigilância, Comando e Controlo (SIVICC)" – system
- "ação de vigilância e patrulhamento da costa" – event/action
- "a costa" – location (since the action is about the coast)

But wait, the example includes "Lisboa" as a participant. So locations are included. However, in the input, "da costa" is the location. So "a costa" would be a participant. But maybe "costa" is too generic. However, in the example, "os aeroportos" was included. So maybe even generic terms are included if they are part of the event.

Also, the example includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" which are references to sources. In the current input, "Segundo a GNR" – "a GNR" is the source here. So that's a participant. 

So compiling all possible participants:

1. "a GNR" – confidence high, as it's explicitly mentioned as the source.
2. "a embarcação" – the vessel detected.
3. "Sistema Integrado de Vigilância, Comando e Controlo (SIVICC)" – the system used.
4. "ação de vigilância e patrulhamento da costa" – the action being carried out.
5. "a costa" – the location of the action.

But wait, the example output includes "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant. So the full location phrase is included. In this case, "da costa" is the location, but maybe "costa" is sufficient. However, the input says "no âmbito de uma ação de vigilância e patrulhamento da costa" – the action is in the scope of patrolling the coast. So "a costa" is the location. 

But the example also includes "os aeroportos" as a participant. So even plural nouns are included. 

So the participants here would be:

- "a GNR"
- "a embarcação"
- "Sistema Integrado de Vigilância, Comando e Controlo (SIVICC)"
- "ação de vigilância e patrulhamento da costa"
- "a costa"

But I need to check if "ação de vigilância e patrulhamento da costa" is considered a participant. In the example, "a aterragem de emergência" was included. So yes, events or actions that are central to the event are participants. 

Now, confidence scores. For "a GNR" and "Sistema Integrado..." they are explicitly named, so high confidence (0.9 or 1.0). "a embarcação" is also explicitly mentioned. "ação de vigilância..." is part of the event, so maybe 0.8. "a costa" is a location, but maybe less certain. However, in the example, "Lisboa" was included as a participant. So "a costa" should be included. 

But wait, in the example, "os aeroportos" was included. So even if it's a plural noun, it's included. So "a costa" is a singular noun, but still a participant. 

So the final list would be:

["a GNR", 0.95], ["a embarcação", 0.9], ["Sistema Integrado de Vigilância, Comando e Controlo (SIVICC)", 0.95], ["ação de vigilância e patrulhamento da costa", 0.8], ["a costa", 0.7]

But I need to check if "ação" is considered a participant. The example includes "a aterragem de emergência" as a participant, so yes. Therefore, the action is included. 

Another thing: the input says "Segundo a GNR" – "a GNR" is the source. In the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were included. So "a GNR" is a participant here. 

So the final JSON array would be as above.
</think>

[["a GNR", 0.95], ["a embarcação", 0.9], ["Sistema Integrado de Vigilância, Comando e Controlo (SIVICC)", 0.95], ["ação de vigilância e patrulhamento da costa", 0.8], ["a costa", 0.7]]