<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is about the Prime Minister of Victoria, Dan Andrews, explaining the quarantine system after a report. The participants to classify are: "o primeiro-ministro de Victoria", "Dan Andrews", "relatório de investigação", "sistema de quarentena", and "livro de regras pandémico".

Starting with "o primeiro-ministro de Victoria". The class should be Per because it's a human individual, specifically a political figure. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "Dan Andrews" is clearly a person's name, so Per again. Confidence 0.99.

"relatório de investigação" is a report, which is a document. The classes are Obj, Nat, etc. Since it's a man-made object (a document), Obj makes sense. Confidence around 0.9.

"sistema de quarentena" is a system, which is an organizational structure or a man-made system. Wait, the classes for Obj are tangible, manmade objects. A system might be more of an Org or maybe Obj. But "sistema" here refers to the quarantine system, which is a set of procedures, so maybe Obj? Or is it an Org? Hmm. The example given for Org includes companies, governments, teams. A system might be more of an Obj. Let me check the definitions again. Obj is any kind of tangible, manmade objects. A system is abstract, but maybe in this context, it's considered an Obj. Alternatively, if it's part of an organization's structure, maybe Org. But the example for Obj includes things like "a cadeira" (chair), which is tangible. The quarantine system is a set of rules and procedures, which is more abstract. Wait, but the user's example for Obj includes "a cadeira" (chair), which is physical. So maybe "sistema de quarentena" is not Obj. Then, what's the right class? Maybe Other? Or perhaps it's considered a Fac (facility)? No, Fac is a facility. Alternatively, maybe it's a process, which might not fit. The user's example for Other includes "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt). So if "sistema de quarentena" doesn't fit into other categories, maybe Other? But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's an Org, but that seems off. Hmm. Maybe I should check the definitions again. The classes are: Obj is manmade objects. If the system is a set of procedures, it's not a physical object. So maybe Other? But the user's example for Other is a smell. Alternatively, maybe it's a process, which isn't covered. Wait, the user's example for Obj includes "a cadeira" (chair), which is a physical object. So "sistema de quarentena" is not a physical object. Therefore, it might not be Obj. Then, what's the right class? Maybe it's a process, which isn't listed. The Other category is for entities that don't fit other categories. So perhaps Other here. But I'm not 100% sure. Alternatively, maybe it's considered an Org? No, because Org is organizations. Hmm. Maybe I should go with Other here with lower confidence, like 0.7.

Then "livro de regras pandémico" is a book, which is a tangible object. So Obj. Confidence 0.95.

Wait, but the user's example for Obj includes "a cadeira" (chair), which is a physical object. A book is also a physical object, so "livro de regras pandémico" is Obj. So that's straightforward.

So the classifications would be:

- "o primeiro-ministro de Victoria": Per
- "Dan Andrews": Per
- "relatório de investigação": Obj
- "sistema de quarentena": Other (maybe)
- "livro de regras pandémico": Obj

But I'm not sure about "sistema de quarentena". Let me think again. The system is a set of rules and procedures, which is an abstract concept. The classes don't have a category for abstract concepts. The Other category is for entities that don't fit other categories. So if it's not Per, Org, Obj, Nat, Fac, Veh, Path, Pl_water, etc., then Other. So "sistema de quarentena" would be Other. But maybe the user considers it as an Obj? Or maybe it's a process, which isn't covered. So I'll go with Other here with confidence 0.7.
</think>

<Output>
[["o primeiro-ministro de Victoria", "Per", 0.95], ["Dan Andrews", "Per", 0.99], ["relatório de investigação", "Obj", 0.9], ["sistema de quarentena", "Other", 0.7], ["livro de regras pandémico", "Obj", 0.95]]
</Output>