<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The user provided a sentence and two participants to classify: "Andrews" and "comunidade vitoriana". 

First, I need to recall the classes defined. The main categories are Per, Org, Obj, Nat, Fac, Veh, Path, Pl_water, Pl_celestial, Pl_mountain, Pl_civil, Pl_country, Pl_mount_range, Pl_capital, Pl_region, Pl_state, Loc, and Other.

Looking at "Andrews": The sentence says "Andrews" is the one speaking, so he's a person. The class Per is for human individuals or divine entities. So "Andrews" should be Per with high confidence.

Next, "comunidade vitoriana": "Comunidade" translates to community, which is a group of people. But the class Org is for organizations, companies, governments, etc. However, "comunidade" might be more of a social group rather than an organized entity. Wait, but the example given for Org includes "governments, teams, institutions". A community could be considered an organization if it's structured. However, "comunidade vitoriana" might refer to the Victorian community, which is a social or cultural group, not necessarily an organization. Alternatively, maybe it's a specific organization. But without more context, it's safer to check the definitions again. The example for Org includes "governments, teams, institutions". A community might not fit here. Then, maybe it's a Per? No, because Per is individuals. Wait, the definition says participants can be groups. Wait, the classes: Per is individuals or divine entities. Org is organizations. So if "comunidade vitoriana" is a group of people, but not an organization, maybe it's a Per? No, Per is for individuals. Wait, the example for Org includes "governments, teams, institutions". So if "comunidade vitoriana" is a community, perhaps it's considered an Org. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's a Pl_region? But "comunidade" is a group, not a place. Hmm. The user's example had "comunidade" in the input, but the output for that was "Per" if it's a person. Wait, in the example given by the user, the input was about a community, but the output for "comunidade vitoriana" would be? Wait, the user's example input was different. Let me check again. The user's example input was about a plane landing, and the participants included "fonte" (source) which was classified as Per. But in this case, "comunidade vitoriana" is a group. Since Org is for organizations, and if the community is considered an organization, then Org. But if not, maybe Other? The Other category is for entities that don't fit elsewhere. However, the definition says participants can be groups. Wait, the classes don't have a "Group" category. So maybe "comunidade vitoriana" is an Org if it's an organized community. But without more context, it's tricky. Alternatively, if it's a social group, maybe it's a Per? No, Per is individuals. So perhaps Other? But the example given in the problem statement for Other is "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt), which is a non-physical entity. So "comunidade vitoriana" is a group of people, which might not fit into any of the classes. Wait, but the class Org includes "governments, teams, institutions". A community could be considered an organization if it's a structured group. However, "comunidade vitoriana" might refer to the Victorian community as a cultural or historical group, which might not be an organization. In that case, maybe it's a Pl_region? No, because it's a group, not a place. Alternatively, maybe it's a Per? But Per is individuals. Hmm. This is a bit ambiguous. But given the options, I think the safest is to classify "comunidade vitoriana" as Org, assuming it's an organized community. However, if that's not the case, maybe Other. But the user's example had "fonte" as Per, which was a person. So if "comunidade vitoriana" is a group of people, but not an organization, perhaps it's Other. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's a Pl_region? No, because it's a group, not a place. I think I'll go with Org for "comunidade vitoriana" with moderate confidence, but I'm not entirely certain. Alternatively, if it's not an organization, then Other. But the user's example didn't have such a case. Maybe the correct answer is Per for "Andrews" and Org for "comunidade vitoriana".
</think>

<Output>[["Andrews", "Per", 0.95], ["comunidade vitoriana", "Org", 0.75]]</Output>