<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, organizations, places, etc., and even repeated mentions are listed separately with their own confidence.

First, I need to understand the input text. The sentence is: "Quero pedir desculpa à comunidade vitoriana pelos erros muito claros que foram cometidos neste programa", disse Andrews." 

Breaking it down, the main components here are:

1. "Quero pedir desculpa à comunidade vitoriana pelos erros muito claros que foram cometidos neste programa" – this is the statement made by someone.
2. "disse Andrews" – this indicates that the speaker is Andrews.

So, the participants here would be the person making the statement (Andrews) and the entity being addressed, which is "a comunidade vitoriana" (the Victorian community). 

Looking at the example output, even if the same entity is mentioned multiple times, each instance is listed separately. However, in this case, "comunidade vitoriana" is mentioned once, and "Andrews" is mentioned once. 

I need to check if there are any other entities. The phrase "neste programa" refers to a program, but since the program isn't named explicitly, it's not a participant. The verb "pedir desculpa" (to apologize) is an action, but the participants are the ones involved in the action. 

So, the participants are:
- "Andrews" – the speaker, with high confidence (maybe 0.95)
- "comunidade vitoriana" – the entity being addressed, with high confidence (maybe 0.9)

I should also check if "à comunidade vitoriana" is considered as "a comunidade vitoriana" or if the preposition changes it. In Portuguese, "à" is a contraction of "a" (to) and "a" (the), so "à comunidade" is "to the community." The entity here is "comunidade vitoriana," so that's the participant. 

No other entities are mentioned. The program isn't named, so it's not a participant. The verb phrases don't count as participants. 

Therefore, the final list should have two entries: "Andrews" and "comunidade vitoriana" with their respective confidence scores.
</think>

[["Andrews", 0.95], ["comunidade vitoriana", 0.9]]