<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what qualifies as a participant based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "O fraco controlo em dois hotéis de quarentena desencadearam uma onda de infeções na segunda maior cidade da Austrália, enquanto o resto do país tinha estado em grande parte livre de vírus."

Breaking it down, the main event here is the outbreak of infections in two quarantine hotels in the second-largest city of Australia. The participants would be the entities involved in this situation. Let's list them out.

First, "dois hotéis de quarentena" – the two quarantine hotels. These are definitely participants as they are the locations where the outbreak started. Then, "a segunda maior cidade da Austrália" – the second-largest city in Australia. Since the city is impacted by the outbreak, it's a participant. The country "Austrália" is also involved as the context is about the country's situation. 

The phrase "o resto do país" refers to the rest of the country, which is another participant because it's contrasted with the affected city. The virus is mentioned as "vírus," so that's an entity causing the issue, hence a participant. 

Now, checking for any other entities. The text mentions "fraco controlo" (weak control), but that's more of a condition or cause rather than an entity. The verb "desencadearam" (triggered) is an action, not an entity. 

Wait, are there any organizations or groups mentioned? The text doesn't specify any, just the hotels, the city, the country, and the virus. So the participants are the two hotels, the city, the country, the rest of the country, and the virus. 

I need to make sure not to include any entities that are not explicitly mentioned or clearly inferred. For example, "quarentena" (quarantine) is a measure, not an entity. "Infeções" (infections) are the result, but the virus is the cause. 

Confidence scores: The hotels are explicitly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). The city and country are also explicitly stated, so 0.9 each. The rest of the country is a contrast, so 0.85. The virus is mentioned as "vírus," so 0.8. 

Wait, the example output included repeated entities like "Avião" and "o motor" multiple times. In this case, "dois hotéis de quarentena" is mentioned once, but maybe "hotéis de quarentena" is a category. However, the example included specific mentions like "dois hotéis" as separate entities. Hmm, but in the example, they listed "dois hotéis" as "dois hotéis" and "hotéis de quarentena" as separate? Wait, looking back at the example input, the output had "dois hotéis" as a separate entity. Wait, the example input had "dois hotéis" and the output included "dois hotéis" as an entity. So in this case, "dois hotéis de quarentena" would be the entity. But maybe "hotéis de quarentena" is a category, but the text says "dois hotéis de quarentena" – so the two specific hotels. However, since they are not named, just referred to as two hotels, maybe they are considered as a collective entity. 

But in the example, they included "dois hotéis" as a separate entity. So following that, I should include "dois hotéis de quarentena" as an entity. However, in the example, they also included "os aeroportos" as an entity. So in this case, "dois hotéis de quarentena" would be one entity, and "a segunda maior cidade da Austrália" as another, "Austrália," "o resto do país," and "vírus."

Wait, but in the example, they included "os aeroportos" as an entity, even though it's plural. So in this case, "dois hotéis" is plural, so maybe "dois hotéis de quarentena" is an entity. Also, "a segunda maior cidade da Austrália" is a specific city, but since it's not named, just described, maybe it's considered as an entity. The country "Austrália" is explicitly mentioned. "o resto do país" is another entity. "vírus" is the virus causing the infections.

So compiling all that, the entities would be:

- "dois hotéis de quarentena" (confidence 0.95)
- "a segunda maior cidade da Austrália" (0.9)
- "Austrália" (0.9)
- "o resto do país" (0.85)
- "vírus" (0.8)

I need to check if any other entities are present. The text doesn't mention any organizations or people, just the locations and the virus. So these five entities should be the participants.
</think>

[["dois hotéis de quarentena", 0.95], ["a segunda maior cidade da Austrália", 0.9], ["Austrália", 0.9], ["o resto do país", 0.85], ["vírus", 0.8]]