<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., and even things like "o motor" (the engine) if they're relevant.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is in Portuguese: "A polícia fornece agora segurança nos hotéis de quarentena de Melbourne, algo que neste dois oitos foram feito por seguranças privados." Translating that, it's about the police now providing security at quarantine hotels in Melbourne, which was previously done by private security in the past two years.

Now, identifying participants. The main entities here are:

1. "A polícia" – the police, definitely a participant as they are providing security now.
2. "segurança" – security, but wait, security here is a service, not an entity. Maybe not a participant. The example included "o motor" as a participant, which is a thing, but here "segurança" is more of a role or service. Hmm, maybe not.
3. "hotéis de quarentena" – quarantine hotels. These are places, but are they participants? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The hotels are locations where the action happens, but are they considered participants? The example included "aeroporto" (airport) as a participant. So maybe yes.
4. "Melbourne" – a location, so likely a participant.
5. "seguranças privados" – private security, which were the ones providing security before. So they are participants.
6. "dois oitos" – that's a typo, probably "dois anos" (two years). But the user might have intended "dois oitos" as a term. However, "dois oitos" doesn't make sense. Maybe it's a mistake. But since the user provided it as is, I should consider it. However, "dois oitos" isn't an entity. Maybe it's a typo for "dois anos" (two years), but without knowing, I can't assume. So perhaps it's not a participant.
7. "neste dois oitos" – again, the same issue. If it's a typo, maybe "neste dois anos" (in these two years), but again, not an entity.

Looking at the example output, they included "aeroporto" and "os aeroportos" as participants. So locations are included. So "Melbourne" is a location, so it's a participant. "hotéis de quarentena" are places, so they should be included. "seguranças privados" are people/entities providing security, so they are participants. "A polícia" is a participant. 

Wait, the example also included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source), which are entities. So even if the entity is a role or a reference, they are included. 

So for the input, the participants would be:

- "A polícia" (confidence high, maybe 0.9)
- "hotéis de quarentena" (confidence medium, maybe 0.7)
- "Melbourne" (high, 0.9)
- "seguranças privados" (high, 0.9)
- "neste dois oitos" – but this is a time phrase, not an entity. Maybe not. The user might have intended "dois anos", but since it's written as "dois oitos", which is incorrect, perhaps it's not a participant. So maybe not included.

Wait, the example also included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So even if the entity is a thing (like the engine or the plane), they are included. So in this case, the hotels are entities (places), Melbourne is a location, the police and private security are groups. 

So the final list would be:

["A polícia", 0.9], ["hotéis de quarentena", 0.7], ["Melbourne", 0.9], ["seguranças privados", 0.9]

But wait, the example included "os aeroportos" as a participant. So "hotéis de quarentena" is plural, so maybe "os hotéis de quarentena" but the input says "nos hotéis de quarentena", so "hotéis" is plural. But the example included "os aeroportos" as a participant. So maybe "hotéis de quarentena" is the entity. 

Also, "segurança" is a service, not an entity. So not included. 

So the final answer should be the four entities listed above with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["A polícia", 0.9], ["hotéis de quarentena", 0.7], ["Melbourne", 0.9], ["seguranças privados", 0.9]]