<think>
Okay, I need to extract all participants from the given text. Let's start by reading the input carefully.

The input is: "o estado de Victoria não tinha registada um caso de transmissão comunitária há 52 dias e o aeroporto de Melbourne começou a aceitar chegadas internacionais este mês pela primeira vez desde o início de julho."

First, I'll break down the sentence into parts. The first part talks about the state of Victoria not having a community transmission case for 52 days. The second part mentions the Melbourne airport starting to accept international arrivals this month for the first time since the beginning of July.

Participants are entities involved or impacted. Let's list possible entities:

1. "o estado de Victoria" – This is a government entity, so definitely a participant.
2. "o aeroporto de Melbourne" – The airport is an organization, so a participant.
3. "Melbourne" – The city might be considered a participant if it's an entity, but sometimes cities are locations. However, in the context of the airport starting operations, maybe the city is relevant. But I need to check if it's explicitly mentioned as a participant. The text says "aeroporto de Melbourne," so Melbourne is the location of the airport. But the airport itself is the participant here. The city might not be a participant unless it's acting as an entity, which it's not here. So maybe just the airport.

Wait, the example given in the task includes "aeroporto" as a participant. In the example, they had "aeroporto" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as separate entries. So in this case, "o aeroporto de Melbourne" would be a participant, and "Melbourne" might be considered a location, but the example included "Lisboa" as a participant. Wait, in the example, "Lisboa" was listed multiple times. So maybe locations are included as participants if they are mentioned as places where events happen.

So in this case, "Melbourne" is a location, but the airport is the entity. However, the example included "Lisboa" as a participant. Let me check the example again. The example input had "Lisboa" multiple times, and the output included "Lisboa" as a participant. So even though it's a city, it's considered a participant. So in this case, "Melbourne" would be a participant as well.

Wait, but the example also included "os aeroportos" as a participant. So maybe any named location or entity that's part of the event is considered a participant. So in the current input, "o estado de Victoria" is a participant, "o aeroporto de Melbourne" is a participant, "Melbourne" as the city, and "julho" as a time reference? Wait, no, time references might not be participants. The example didn't include dates or times, only entities.

So the main participants here are:

- "o estado de Victoria" – participant, confidence high.
- "o aeroporto de Melbourne" – participant, high confidence.
- "Melbourne" – as a location, but the example included "Lisboa" as a participant. So maybe "Melbourne" is included.
- "julho" – not sure. The text says "desde o início de julho." But "julho" is a month, not an entity. The example didn't include months, so maybe not.

Wait, the example included "Lisboa" as a participant, which is a city. So in this case, "Melbourne" would be a participant. Also, the state of Victoria is a participant. The airport is a participant. The text also mentions "chegadas internacionais" – international arrivals. But that's an action, not an entity. So no participants there.

So the list would be:

["o estado de Victoria", 0.95], ["o aeroporto de Melbourne", 0.95], ["Melbourne", 0.85], ["julho", 0.2] – but wait, "julho" might not be a participant. The example didn't include dates, so maybe I shouldn't include it. Let me think again.

The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. "julho" is a time, not an entity. So no. So the participants are "o estado de Victoria", "o aeroporto de Melbourne", and "Melbourne". Wait, but "Melbourne" is the city where the airport is located. The airport is the participant, but the city might not be. However, in the example, "Lisboa" was included as a participant even though it's a city. So maybe "Melbourne" should be included here as well.

But in the example, "Lisboa" was mentioned multiple times, like "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado, em Lisboa" and "Lisboa" again. So the city is considered a participant. So in this case, "Melbourne" is a participant. So the list would be:

["o estado de Victoria", 0.95], ["o aeroporto de Melbourne", 0.95], ["Melbourne", 0.85]. 

Wait, but the example also included "os aeroportos" as a participant. In the current input, "o aeroporto de Melbourne" is singular, but maybe "aeroporto" is a general term. However, in the example, "aeroporto" was included as a participant. So maybe "aeroporto" is a participant here. But the input says "o aeroporto de Melbourne", which is a specific airport. So "o aeroporto de Melbourne" is the specific entity, and "aeroporto" as a general term might not be needed unless it's mentioned. In the example, "aeroporto" was included even though it was part of a phrase like "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado".

So in this case, "o aeroporto de Melbourne" is the specific entity, and "Melbourne" is the city. Also, "o estado de Victoria" is the state. So the participants are:

- "o estado de Victoria"
- "o aeroporto de Melbourne"
- "Melbourne"

But wait, the example included "Lisboa" as a participant even though it's a city. So I think "Melbourne" should be included. Also, "Victoria" as a state. So the JSON list would be:

[
  ["o estado de Victoria", 0.95],
  ["o aeroporto de Melbourne", 0.95],
  ["Melbourne", 0.85]
]

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was listed multiple times. For example, "Lisboa" was included as "Lisboa" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a separate entry. So in this case, "o aeroporto de Melbourne" is one entry, and "Melbourne" is another. So that's correct.

I think that's all. Let me check again. The text mentions the state of Victoria not having cases, and the airport in Melbourne starting international arrivals. So the participants are the state, the airport, and the city. The month "julho" is not a participant. So the final list should be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["o estado de Victoria", 0.95], ["o aeroporto de Melbourne", 0.95], ["Melbourne", 0.85]]