<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or affected by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, though that might be a typo. Wait, in the example, "to engine" is listed, but maybe that's a mistake. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "to engine" with confidence 0.8. But "to engine" doesn't make much sense as a participant. Maybe that's a mistake in the example, or perhaps it's a fragment that's part of a larger entity. Hmm, but the user says to follow the example, so I need to be careful.

Now, looking at the input provided: "According to a source from the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS) of Viana do Castelo, the death was declared at the scene by the helicopter doctor from the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM), called to the scene."

First, I need to identify all entities here. Let's break it down sentence by sentence.

The first part: "According to a source from the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS) of Viana do Castelo..." Here, "source" is mentioned, but it's part of a phrase. The District Relief Operations Command (CDOS) is an organization, and Viana do Castelo is a location. The source is from CDOS, so maybe "source" is a participant, but the example includes "source" as a participant. Also, the full name CDOS is an organization, so that's a participant. Viana do Castelo is a place, so that's a participant.

Next, "the death was declared at the scene by the helicopter doctor from the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM), called to the scene." The helicopter doctor is an individual, so that's a participant. The National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM) is an organization. "the scene" might be a location, but the example didn't include "scene" as a participant. Wait, in the example input, "airport" and "Lisbon" were included. So maybe locations are considered participants if they are relevant. However, "the scene" is a bit vague, but maybe not. Alternatively, "scene" might be part of the event's location, but not a participant. Hmm.

Also, "called to the scene" refers to the helicopter doctor being called, so the action is about the doctor. The INEM is the organization the doctor belongs to. The helicopter doctor is a participant. The National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM) is an organization. The District Relief Operations Command (CDOS) is another organization. Viana do Castelo is a location. The source is a participant, but the example includes "source" as a participant. So in this case, "source" would be included. Also, the helicopter doctor is a person, so that's a participant. 

Wait, the example output includes "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. In the given input, "a source" and "the same source" are mentioned. But in the current input, it's just "a source" and "the same source" isn't present. So here, "source" is a participant. 

So compiling all the possible participants:

- "source" (from the first sentence)
- "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" as an organization
- "Viana do Castelo" as a location
- "helicopter doctor" as an individual
- "National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)" as an organization

Wait, but the example includes "the same source" as a separate entity. In the current input, the source is mentioned once, so "source" would be included once. Also, the helicopter doctor is a participant. The INEM is an organization. CDOS is an organization. Viana do Castelo is a location. 

But the example also includes "Lusa." as a participant. In the example input, "Lusa." is a news agency. So in this case, the source is from CDOS, but the example includes "source" as a participant. So here, "source" is a participant. 

Also, the helicopter doctor is a participant. The National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM) is an organization. The District Relief Operations Command (CDOS) is an organization. Viana do Castelo is a location. 

Wait, but the example includes "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So locations are included if they are relevant. In this case, Viana do Castelo is a location, so it's a participant. 

So the entities would be:

- "source" (confidence maybe 0.8)
- "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" (confidence 0.9)
- "Viana do Castelo" (confidence 0.8)
- "helicopter doctor" (confidence 0.7)
- "National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)" (confidence 0.9)

But wait, the example includes "the same source" as a separate entity. However, in the current input, "the same source" isn't mentioned. So only "source" is present. 

Also, the helicopter doctor is a participant. The INEM is the organization. 

I need to make sure that all entities are captured. Let me check again:

The sentence starts with "According to a source from the District Relief Operations Command (CDOS) of Viana do Castelo..." So "source" is a participant, "District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" is an organization, and "Viana do Castelo" is a location. 

Then, "the death was declared at the scene by the helicopter doctor from the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM), called to the scene." Here, "helicopter doctor" is a participant, and "National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)" is an organization. 

So the list would be:

["source", 0.8], ["District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)", 0.9], ["Viana do Castelo", 0.8], ["helicopter doctor", 0.7], ["National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)", 0.9]

But I need to check if any other entities are present. For example, "the scene" might be a location, but the example didn't include it. However, in the example input, "airport" was included. So "scene" might be considered a location, but since it's not a proper noun, maybe not. Alternatively, "scene" is part of the event's context but not a participant. 

Also, the example includes "the same source" as a separate entity. But in this input, "the same source" isn't mentioned. So only "source" is present. 

Another thing: the example includes "Lusa." as a participant. In this case, the source is from CDOS, but the example's source is Lusa. So in this case, the source is from CDOS, so "source" is the participant. 

Therefore, the final list should include the entities as identified above with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["source", 0.8], ["District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)", 0.9], ["Viana do Castelo", 0.8], ["helicopter doctor", 0.7], ["National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)", 0.9]]