<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "The source said that the man 'was doing forestry work when the tree he was cutting fell on him'." 

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main entities mentioned are "the source," "the man," "forestry work," "the tree," and maybe "he" referring to the man. But wait, "he" is a pronoun pointing back to "the man," so maybe that's redundant. 

The source is a participant because they provided the information. The man is the individual involved in the event. The tree is an object that fell on him, so it's part of the event. However, the definition includes entities that are impacted or involved. The tree is an object here, but is it considered a participant? The example given in the task included "engine" and "a stopped engine," which are objects, so maybe objects involved in the event are included. 

Forestry work is an activity, not an entity. The tree is an object, but maybe it's considered a participant since it's involved in the event. However, the example output included "engine" as a participant. So perhaps even objects are included if they are part of the event. 

So the participants would be: "the source," "the man," "the tree," and maybe "forestry work" as an activity. Wait, the example output had "engine" and "a stopped engine," which are objects. So maybe "the tree" is a participant here. 

But the user's example output included "the airports" as a participant. So in this case, "the tree" would be a participant. Also, "the man" is definitely a participant. The source is a participant as well. 

Wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. So in this case, "the source" is a participant. 

So the entities would be:

- "the source" (confidence high)
- "the man" (high)
- "the tree" (moderate, since it's an object involved)
- "forestry work" (maybe not, since it's an activity, not an entity)
- "he" (refers to the man, so maybe not needed as a separate entity)

The output should be a JSON list with each entity and confidence. So the answer would be:

[["the source", 0.9], ["the man", 0.95], ["the tree", 0.8]]
</think>

[["the source", 0.9], ["the man", 0.95], ["the tree", 0.8]]