<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. The example provided includes entities like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., with confidence scores.

Looking at the input: "INEM called a team of psychologists to the scene." 

First, I need to identify all entities here. "INEM" is likely an organization, maybe the Portuguese emergency services. Then there's "a team of psychologists" – the team is a group, and psychologists are individuals. The "scene" might be a location, but the example didn't include locations unless they were named places. Wait, in the example, "airport" was included even without a specific name, but in the output, "airport" was listed with confidence. However, in the example, "Lisbon" was included as a location. But in the current input, "the scene" is vague. Should I include "scene" as a participant? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The scene is the location where the event happens, but is it an entity? Maybe not, unless it's a specific place. Since it's just "the scene," it's too generic. So probably not.

So the main entities here are INEM (organization), the team of psychologists (group), and maybe "psychologists" as individuals. Wait, the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities. So parts of the sentence that are objects or subjects. But in this case, "team of psychologists" is the object. So "INEM" is the actor, "team of psychologists" is the group being called. 

But the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So in this case, "INEM" is an organization, so that's a participant. The team of psychologists is a group, so that's another participant. The example also included "source" and "the same source" as entities. Here, "the scene" might not be a participant unless it's a specific place. Since it's not named, maybe not. 

So the entities would be "INEM" (organization), "team of psychologists" (group), and "psychologists" (individuals). Wait, but the example included "engine" as an entity. So maybe parts of the sentence that are objects. However, in the example, "engine" was included as a participant. But in this case, the main participants are the entities involved in the action. 

Wait, the example output had "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entries. So maybe even objects are considered participants. But in this case, the action is "called a team of psychologists." The participants would be INEM (caller), the team of psychologists (called), and maybe the scene if it's a location. But since "scene" is not specific, perhaps not. 

So the answer would be:

["INEM", 0.95], ["team of psychologists", 0.85], ["psychologists", 0.75]. Wait, but the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entities. However, in the current input, "team of psychologists" is a group, so that's one entity. But maybe "psychologists" is also an entity. However, the example included "a Public Security Police" as a group. So perhaps "team of psychologists" is the main group, and "psychologists" is the category. But the example didn't split them. For example, in the example, "engine" and "a stopped engine" are both included. So maybe in this case, "team of psychologists" and "psychologists" are both entities. But I need to check if that's necessary. 

Alternatively, maybe "team of psychologists" is the main entity, and "psychologists" is redundant. But the example included both "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate. So perhaps in this case, "team of psychologists" is one, and "psychologists" is another. But I'm not sure. The example also included "the same source" as an entity. So maybe "team of psychologists" is the main entity, and "psychologists" is part of that. But the example didn't split them. For example, in the example, "a Public Security Police" is included, and "the same source" is another. So maybe in this case, "INEM" is the organization, "team of psychologists" is the group, and "psychologists" is the category. But the example didn't split "engine" into "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate. Wait, in the example, "engine" and "a stopped engine" are both included. So maybe in this case, "team of psychologists" and "psychologists" are both included. But I need to check the example again. 

Looking back at the example input: "Plane makes emergency landing at Lisbon airport due to engine failure..." The output includes "Plane", "to engine", "A plane", "engine", "the aircraft", "a stopped engine", "The aircraft", "The plane", "airport", "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", "the airports", "Farnborough", "England", "Lisbon", "Lusa.", "a Public Security Police", "airline Jota Aviation", "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", "source", "the same source", "Lisbon", "website."

So they included both the general terms and specific mentions. For example, "engine" and "a stopped engine" are both there. So in this case, "team of psychologists" and "psychologists" might both be included. However, the example also included "the airports" as an entity. So maybe in this case, "team of psychologists" is one entity, and "psychologists" is another. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "team of psychologists" is the main entity, and "psychologists" is redundant. 

But the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate. So perhaps in this case, "team of psychologists" and "psychologists" are both entities. However, the example also included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So maybe "INEM" is the organization, "team of psychologists" is the group, and "psychologists" is the category. But the example didn't split "engine" into "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate, but they are both included. So maybe in this case, "team of psychologists" and "psychologists" are both included. 

But the example also included "Lisbon" multiple times. So maybe even repeated entities are included. So in this case, the answer would be:

["INEM", 0.95], ["team of psychologists", 0.85], ["psychologists", 0.75]

But I need to check if "psychologists" is a participant. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The psychologists are being called to the scene, so they are participants. So yes. 

Alternatively, maybe "team of psychologists" is the main entity, and "psychologists" is part of that. But the example included both "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate. So maybe in this case, both "team of psychologists" and "psychologists" are included. 

But the example also included "the airports" as an entity. So perhaps in this case, "team of psychologists" is the main entity, and "psychologists" is a category. However, the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate. So maybe in this case, "team of psychologists" and "psychologists" are both entities. 

But I'm not entirely sure. Alternatively, maybe "team of psychologists" is the only entity here. The example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate, but in this case, "team of psychologists" is a group, and "psychologists" is the category. But the example didn't split "engine" into "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate, but they are both included. So maybe in this case, "team of psychologists" and "psychologists" are both included. 

So the final answer would be:

[["INEM", 0.95], ["team of psychologists", 0.85], ["psychologists", 0.75]]
</think>

[["INEM", 0.95], ["team of psychologists", 0.85], ["psychologists", 0.75]]