<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "A total of 16 firefighters from the Monção and Valença Fire Department and five vehicles attended the scene, including the Immediate Life Support (SIV) ambulance from Melgaço."

Breaking this down, the main participants are the firefighters and the fire department they belong to. The numbers (16 firefighters, five vehicles) are part of the count, but the actual entities are the firefighters and the fire department. Then there's the Immediate Life Support (SIV) ambulance from Melgaço, which is another entity involved. 

Wait, the example output included things like "to engine" and "a stopped engine," which might be parts of phrases. But in this case, "firefighters" and "Fire Department" are clear. The vehicles are mentioned, but the specific type is the ambulance. However, the example included "vehicle" as a participant, so maybe "five vehicles" should be "vehicles" as a general term. But the example also included specific names like "Jota Aviation" and "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal," so maybe specific names are better. However, in the input here, the fire department is named "Monção and Valença Fire Department," which is a specific entity. The ambulance is from Melgaço, but the name is "Immediate Life Support (SIV) ambulance." Should that be considered as an entity? The example included "source" and "the same source," which are more abstract. 

So, the participants here would be:

- Firefighters (16 of them, but the entity is "firefighters")
- Monção and Valença Fire Department
- Five vehicles (but maybe just "vehicles" as a category)
- Immediate Life Support (SIV) ambulance
- Melgaço (as the origin of the ambulance)

Wait, the example included "airport" as a participant, even though it's a place. So places can be participants if they are involved. But in the input, the ambulance is from Melgaço, so Melgaço is a location, but is it a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. If the ambulance is from Melgaço, then Melgaço might be considered as part of the ambulance's origin, but maybe not a participant unless the event affects Melgaço. However, the example included "Lisbon" as a participant, so maybe locations are included if they are part of the event's context.

But in the input, the main participants are the firefighters, the fire department, the vehicles, and the ambulance. The ambulance's origin (Melgaço) might be a location, but the example included "Lisbon" as a participant. So perhaps "Melgaço" should be included as a participant here.

Confidence scores: The firefighters and fire department are explicitly mentioned, so high confidence. The vehicles are mentioned, but "vehicles" is a general term, maybe lower confidence. The ambulance is specific, so high confidence. Melgaço as a location might be a participant, but I'm not sure if it's necessary. The example included "airport" as a participant, so maybe "Melgaço" should be included here as well.

So the list would be:

["firefighters", 0.95], ["Monção and Valença Fire Department", 0.95], ["vehicles", 0.8], ["Immediate Life Support (SIV) ambulance", 0.95], ["Melgaço", 0.8]

Wait, but the example included "the airports" as a participant. In this case, the ambulance is from Melgaço, so maybe "Melgaço" is the location, but the ambulance itself is the participant. The example also included "source" and "the same source," which are more abstract. So maybe "Melgaço" is not a participant here, but the ambulance is. The example included "Lisbon" as a participant, which is a city, so maybe locations are included if they are part of the event. However, in this case, the event is at the scene, and the ambulance is from Melgaço, so Melgaço might be a participant as the origin of the ambulance. But I'm not entirely sure. The example included "airport" as a participant, so maybe "Melgaço" should be included here as a location.

Alternatively, maybe "Melgaço" is part of the ambulance's description, so the ambulance is the entity, and Melgaço is its origin. But the example included "Lisbon" as a participant, so perhaps locations are included. Therefore, I'll include "Melgaço" as a participant with a confidence of 0.7.

So the final list would be:

["firefighters", 0.95], ["Monção and Valença Fire Department", 0.95], ["vehicles", 0.8], ["Immediate Life Support (SIV) ambulance", 0.95], ["Melgaço", 0.7]

But wait, the example included "the airports" as a participant. In this case, the input mentions "the airports of Farnborough, England, and Lisbon," which were included as participants. So in the current input, the ambulance is from Melgaço, so "Melgaço" is a location, and the ambulance is a participant. So I think that's correct.
</think>

[["firefighters", 0.95], ["Monção and Valença Fire Department", 0.95], ["vehicles", 0.8], ["Immediate Life Support (SIV) ambulance", 0.95], ["Melgaço", 0.7]]