<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what qualifies as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the example provided, they included things like "Avião", "o motor", "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", etc. So even parts of the sentence that are noun phrases related to the event are considered participants. The confidence scores are numbers between 0 and 1, and I need to assign them based on how certain I am that each entity is a participant.

Now, let's look at the input text: "Uma casa desabou na cidade de Hyderabad, no sul da Índia, devido a chuvas sem precedentes e graves inundações que mataram pelo menos oito pessoas, disse hoje a polícia local."

Breaking this down:

1. "Uma casa" – the house that collapsed. Definitely a participant as the subject of the event.
2. "Hyderabad" – the city where the event happened. Location, so a participant.
3. "sul da Índia" – southern India, another location. Participant.
4. "chuvas sem precedentes" – unprecedented rains. Cause of the event, so participant.
5. "inundações" – floods. Also a cause, participant.
6. "oito pessoas" – eight people killed. Victims, so participants.
7. "a polícia local" – local police, mentioned as the source of the statement. Participant.

Wait, the example included repeated entities like "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if the same entity is mentioned again, it's listed again. So in this case, "Hyderabad" and "sul da Índia" are both locations, so they should be included. Also, "chuvas" and "inundações" are causes, so they are participants. "oito pessoas" as victims. "polícia local" as the source.

I need to check if all these are correctly identified. "Uma casa" is the subject, so participant. "Hyderabad" and "sul da Índia" are locations. "chuvas sem precedentes" and "inundações" are events causing the collapse. "oito pessoas" are victims. "a polícia local" is the entity that made the statement.

Confidence scores: For "Uma casa", high confidence (0.95). "Hyderabad" and "sul da Índia" are locations, also high (0.9). "chuvas sem precedentes" and "inundações" are causes, maybe 0.85. "oito pessoas" as victims, 0.9. "a polícia local" as the source, 0.9. 

Wait, the example had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In this case, "disse hoje a polícia local" – "a polícia local" is the source, so that's a participant. Also, "Hyderabad" is mentioned once, but in the example, "Lisboa" was listed multiple times. However, in the input here, "Hyderabad" is mentioned once, and "sul da Índia" once. So they should be included once each. 

I need to make sure not to miss any entities. Let me go through the sentence again:

- "Uma casa desabou na cidade de Hyderabad, no sul da Índia, devido a chuvas sem precedentes e graves inundações que mataram pelo menos oito pessoas, disse hoje a polícia local."

Entities:

- "Uma casa"
- "Hyderabad"
- "sul da Índia"
- "chuvas sem precedentes"
- "inundações"
- "oito pessoas"
- "a polícia local"

Each of these is a participant. The confidence for each would be based on their relevance. The house is the main subject, so high. Locations are important. The causes (rains, floods) are key to the event. The victims and the police as the source. 

I think that's all. Now, format them into the JSON list with confidence scores.
</think>

[["Uma casa", 0.95], ["Hyderabad", 0.9], ["sul da Índia", 0.85], ["chuvas sem precedentes", 0.85], ["inundações", 0.85], ["oito pessoas", 0.9], ["a polícia local", 0.9]]