<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, or even objects involved in the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Além dos mortos, outras quatro pessoas foram hospitalizadas depois de um muro ter caído sobre uma casa vizinha, que desabou com o impacto." 

Breaking it down, the main event is a wall falling on a neighboring house, causing it to collapse. The participants here would be the people involved. Let's list them out.

"dos mortos" – this refers to the deceased, but the term is plural. However, the exact number isn't specified, just "mortos" (dead). But since the task is to extract participants, even if they are not named, we can include them as entities. However, the example output includes "os mortos" as a participant. Wait, in the example given earlier, the input was about an airplane emergency, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc. So even if it's a general term like "os mortos", it's considered a participant.

Next, "outras quatro pessoas" – these are four people who were hospitalized. The term "pessoas" is plural, but the exact individuals aren't named. However, the example includes "quatro pessoas" as a participant. Wait, in the example output, they have "quatro pessoas" as a participant. Wait, looking back at the example input and output, the example input was about an airplane, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc. But in the example output, they have entries like "o motor", "a aeronave", etc., even though they are not named entities. So maybe even if the entity is a general term, like "os mortos" or "quatro pessoas", they are considered participants.

Then, "um muro" – the wall that fell. The wall is an object involved in the event, so it's a participant. Similarly, "uma casa vizinha" – the neighboring house that collapsed. The house is an object involved, so it's a participant.

Now, checking the example output again. In the example, they included "o motor", "a aeronave", "o avião", etc. So even if the entity is a general noun, like "muro" or "casa", they are included. Also, in the example, "Lisboa" is included multiple times, even though it's a location. So locations are considered participants if they are part of the event.

So applying that to the current input:

Participants would be:

- "os mortos" (the dead)
- "outras quatro pessoas" (the four people hospitalized)
- "um muro" (the wall)
- "uma casa vizinha" (the neighboring house)

Wait, but in the example, they included "a aeronave" and "o avião" as separate entries. So even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles or forms, they are listed as separate entries. For example, "Avião", "Um avião", "A aeronave", etc. So in this case, "um muro" and "uma casa vizinha" would be separate entries. Also, "os mortos" and "outras quatro pessoas" are different groups, so they should be separate.

Now, confidence scores. For "os mortos", the text says "Além dos mortos, outras quatro pessoas..." So "os mortos" are mentioned explicitly, so confidence is high, maybe 0.95. "outras quatro pessoas" is also explicitly mentioned, so 0.95. "um muro" is directly mentioned as the cause, so 0.9. "uma casa vizinha" is the object that was hit, so 0.9. 

Wait, but in the example, they included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if the same location is mentioned in different contexts, they are listed as separate entries. However, in this case, "Lisboa" isn't mentioned here. So the participants here are the four entities I listed.

Wait, but the example output includes "Lisboa" multiple times. Let me check again. The example input had "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado, em Lisboa", so "Lisboa" is mentioned as the location. The output included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if it's a location, it's considered a participant. However, in the current input, the location isn't mentioned. So the participants here are the four entities I listed.

So the final list would be:

["os mortos", 0.95], ["outras quatro pessoas", 0.95], ["um muro", 0.9], ["uma casa vizinha", 0.9]

Wait, but the example output includes "os aeroportos" as a participant. In the example input, "os aeroportos de Farnborough, na Inglaterra, e Lisboa" – so "os aeroportos" is a participant. So even if it's a plural noun, it's included. Similarly, here, "outras quatro pessoas" is a plural noun, so it's included. 

Another thing to check: the example output includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So if the same entity is mentioned with different articles or forms, they are listed as separate entries. In this case, "os mortos" and "outras quatro pessoas" are different groups, so they are separate. "um muro" and "uma casa vizinha" are different objects, so separate.

I think that's all. So the JSON array would be the four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["os mortos", 0.95], ["outras quatro pessoas", 0.95], ["um muro", 0.9], ["uma casa vizinha", 0.9]]