<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese about floods in India, Bangladesh, and Nepal, resulting in deaths and displacement. The participants to classify are "pessoas", "Índia", "Bangladesh", "Nepal", and "milhões". 

First, I need to recall the classes. The main categories are Per (people), Org (organizations), Obj (objects), Nat (natural entities), Fac (facilities), Veh (vehicles), Path (paths), Pl_water (water bodies), Pl_celestial (celestial bodies), Pl_mountain (mountains), Pl_civil (administrative regions), Pl_country (countries), Pl_mount_range (mountain ranges), Pl_capital (capitals), Pl_region (regions), Pl_state (states), Loc (other places), and Other (miscellaneous).

Starting with "pessoas". Since "pessoas" means people, that's clearly Per. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "Índia", "Bangladesh", and "Nepal" are all countries. So they should be classified under Pl_country. Confidence here is also high, around 0.95 each.

Then "milhões" translates to "millions". The example given in the task shows that "milhões" was classified as Other because it's a quantity, not a specific entity. But wait, in the example provided, "milhões" was part of "milhões foram deslocadas", which refers to people. However, the classification for "milhões" in the example was Other. Wait, but in the example output, "milhões" was not listed. Wait, the user's example input had "milhões" as a participant to classify, but in the output, it's not present. Wait, no, the user's example input was different. Let me check again.

Wait, the user provided an example where the input was about an airplane emergency, and the participants included "Avião", "o motor", etc. Then the output for "milhões" wasn't in that example. But in the current task, the participants to classify include "milhões". So, "milhões" here refers to millions of people displaced. But "milhões" is a number, not an entity. However, in the classification guidelines, "Other" includes entities that don't fit other categories, like "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt). But "milhões" is a quantity, not an entity. However, in the context of the sentence, "milhões" is used as a noun meaning millions of people. But according to the classes, "Per" is for human individuals. However, "milhões" is a collective term, not a specific person. So it might fall under "Other". Alternatively, if "milhões" is considered as a quantity, it's not a participant in the traditional sense. But the task says participants are entities involved in the event. Since "milhões" refers to people, but it's a collective term, maybe it's classified as Per. But the example in the task's definition says "Other" includes things like "um cheiro a queimado", which is not a person or object. So "milhões" here is a number, not an entity. Therefore, it might be classified as Other. But I need to check the classes again. The "Other" class includes entities that don't fit into other categories. Since "milhões" is a quantity, not a person, organization, object, etc., it would be Other. So confidence around 0.8.

Wait, but in the example given in the task's definition, "Other" includes "um cheiro a queimado", which is a non-physical entity. "Milhões" is a number, which is a quantifier, not an entity. So it's not a participant in the sense of being an entity involved. However, the task says participants are entities involved. So maybe "milhões" is not a participant here. But the user included it in the participants to classify. Hmm. Maybe the user considers "milhões" as a participant because it's part of the event's impact. But according to the classes, it's not fitting into any of the other categories. So "Other" would be the correct class here. So I'll go with Other for "milhões" with confidence 0.8.
</think>

<Output>[["pessoas", "Per", 0.95], ["Índia", "Pl_country", 0.95], ["Bangladesh", "Pl_country", 0.95], ["Nepal", "Pl_country", 0.95], ["milhões", "Other", 0.8]]</Output>