<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "A Autoridade Marítima Nacional fez hoje buscas, até agora sem êxito, no rio Guadiana, na sequência do alerta do desaparecimento de um homem, de 48 anos, junto à Foz de Odeleite, no concelho de Castro Marim."

Breaking it down, the main event is the search operation by the Autoridade Marítima Nacional (National Maritime Authority) in the Guadiana River following the disappearance of a man. 

Participants would include:
- "A Autoridade Marítima Nacional" – clearly an organization conducting the search.
- "rio Guadiana" – the location where the search is happening, so it's a participant as the place involved.
- "um homem, de 48 anos" – the individual whose disappearance triggered the search.
- "Foz de Odeleite" – a specific location mentioned, so that's a participant.
- "concelho de Castro Marim" – another location, part of the context.

I need to check if any other entities are mentioned. The text mentions "alerta do desaparecimento" which is the alert for the disappearance, but "alerta" itself isn't a participant. The "concelho" (municipality) of Castro Marim is a location, so that's included. 

I should also check for any possible organizations or groups. The only one mentioned is the Autoridade Marítima Nacional. The other entities are locations or the individual. 

Now, assigning confidence scores. The main participants are the organization, the river, the man, and the locations. The confidence for "A Autoridade Marítima Nacional" is high (0.95) since it's explicitly mentioned as the actor. The river and locations are also directly mentioned, so high confidence (0.9). The man is the subject of the disappearance, so confidence is 0.95. 

Wait, the example output included "Lisboa" multiple times, but in this case, the locations are "rio Guadiana", "Foz de Odeleite", and "concelho de Castro Marim". Each should be listed once. Also, "alerta" might not be a participant, as per the definition. 

Double-checking the definition: participants are those involved or impacted. The river is the location of the search, so it's involved. The man is the one who disappeared, so he's a participant. The locations are part of the context, so they are included. 

I think that's all. Now, format each as a JSON array with the entity and confidence.
</think>

[["A Autoridade Marítima Nacional", 0.95], ["rio Guadiana", 0.9], ["um homem", 0.95], ["Foz de Odeleite", 0.85], ["concelho de Castro Marim", 0.8]]