<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided includes entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., each with a confidence value between 0 and 1.

First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred. So, I need to look for any such entities in the input text.

Looking at the input: "As buscas foram interrompidas ao final da tarde e serão retomadas na segunda-feira, adiantou entretanto à Lusa fonte da Autoridade Marítima Nacional."

Breaking it down:

- "As buscas" – searches. This is an action, not an entity. Maybe not a participant.
- "Autoridade Marítima Nacional" – National Maritime Authority. This is an organization, so definitely a participant.
- "fonte da Autoridade Marítima Nacional" – source from the National Maritime Authority. The source is a participant, but the text says "fonte" (source), which might be a person or a role. However, since it's specified as from the National Maritime Authority, maybe the source is part of that organization. But the example includes "fonte" as a separate entity. Wait, in the example, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So maybe here, "fonte" is an entity, even if it's a role. But the user's example includes "fonte" as a participant. However, in the given input, it's "fonte da Autoridade Marítima Nacional" – so the source is from the National Maritime Authority. Should I extract "fonte" as a participant? The example includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entities. So maybe in this case, "fonte" is a participant, but since it's not named, perhaps it's a role. But the example includes "fonte" as an entity. Hmm.

Also, "à Lusa" – Lusa is a news agency. So "Lusa" is an organization, a participant. "fonte da Autoridade Marítima Nacional" – the source is from the National Maritime Authority. So "Autoridade Marítima Nacional" is an organization, and the source is part of that. But in the example, they included "fonte" as a separate entity. However, in the input, the source is not named, just referred to as "fonte da Autoridade Marítima Nacional". So maybe "fonte" is not a named entity here. Wait, in the example, the input had "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and the output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. So even though the source isn't named, they are considered participants. So in this case, "fonte" would be an entity. But in the current input, the source is from the National Maritime Authority. So "fonte" is an entity here, and "Autoridade Marítima Nacional" is another.

Other entities: "Lusa" is mentioned as the agency. So "Lusa" is an organization. "Autoridade Marítima Nacional" is an organization. "segunda-feira" is a day, not an entity. "ao final da tarde" is a time, not an entity. "buscas" is an action, not an entity. So the participants would be:

- "fonte" (the source)
- "Autoridade Marítima Nacional"
- "Lusa"

Wait, but in the example, they included "à agência Lusa" as an entity. So "Lusa" is the entity here. Similarly, "fonte da Autoridade Marítima Nacional" would have "fonte" and "Autoridade Marítima Nacional" as entities. But in the example, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. However, in the current input, "fonte" is mentioned once. So maybe "fonte" is an entity here, and "Autoridade Marítima Nacional" is another. Also, "Lusa" is an entity.

So the list would be:

["fonte", 0.8], ["Autoridade Marítima Nacional", 0.9], ["Lusa", 0.9]

Wait, but the example included "a mesma fonte" as a separate entity. In this case, the input doesn't have "a mesma fonte", just "fonte". So maybe just "fonte" here. Also, "Lusa" is an organization, so that's a participant. "Autoridade Marítima Nacional" is another organization. Are there any other entities? The text mentions "buscas" (searches), but that's an action, not an entity. "segunda-feira" is a time, not an entity. So the participants are "fonte", "Lusa", and "Autoridade Marítima Nacional".

But wait, in the example, they included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as entities. So even if they are parts of the plane, they are considered participants. But in this case, the entities are more about organizations and the source. So I think the correct answer here is the three entities mentioned above. Let me check again.

Original input: "As buscas foram interrompidas ao final da tarde e serão retomadas na segunda-feira, adiantou entretanto à Lusa fonte da Autoridade Marítima Nacional."

Breaking down:

- "fonte da Autoridade Marítima Nacional" – the source from the National Maritime Authority. So "fonte" is the entity, and "Autoridade Marítima Nacional" is another. Also, "Lusa" is the agency being addressed. So the participants are:

1. "fonte" (the source)
2. "Autoridade Marítima Nacional" (the organization)
3. "Lusa" (the news agency)

So the JSON list would be:

[["fonte", 0.8], ["Autoridade Marítima Nacional", 0.9], ["Lusa", 0.9]]

But I need to make sure that all possible participants are included. Are there any other entities? The text doesn't mention any other organizations or individuals. "buscas" is an action, not an entity. "segunda-feira" is a time. So I think that's all.
</think>

[["fonte", 0.8], ["Autoridade Marítima Nacional", 0.9], ["Lusa", 0.9]]