<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Homem encontrado morto em ribeira numa aldeia de Tondela". The participants to classify are "Homem", "ribeira", "aldeia", and "Tondela".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "Homem" – that's Portuguese for "man" or "man (person)". Since it's a person, the class should be Person.

Next, "ribeira". In Portuguese, "ribeira" can mean a riverbank or a stream. It's a natural feature, so that would fall under Nature or maybe Location. But since it's a specific natural feature, maybe Nature is more accurate. Wait, but sometimes "ribeira" can refer to a place name. However, in this context, it's part of the location where the body was found, so maybe Location? Hmm, not sure. Let me think again. If it's a natural feature like a riverbank, it's a natural object, so Nature. But if it's a specific place, like a name of a riverbank, it might be Location. However, without more context, I think "ribeira" here is a natural feature, so Nature.

Then "aldeia" means village, which is a type of location. So that's Location.

"Tondela" is a city in Portugal. That's a proper noun, a place, so Location. But wait, the classes include Location, which includes cities, towns, etc. So Tondela is a Location.

Wait, but in the example given earlier, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital, which is a subclass of Location. But here, the classes are just Location, so Tondela would be Location. Similarly, "aldeia" is a village, so Location.

So putting it all together:

"Homem" → Person

"ribeira" → Nature (since it's a natural feature like a riverbank)

"aldeia" → Location

"Tondela" → Location

But wait, maybe "ribeira" is considered a Location here. Let me check the example again. In the example, "aeroporto" was classified as Facility. "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was also Facility. So "ribeira" is a natural feature, so Nature. But if the user's example classified "aeroporto" as Facility, then "ribeira" as Nature makes sense. So I think that's correct.
</think>

[["Homem", "Per"], ["ribeira", "Nat"], ["aldeia", "Loc"], ["Tondela", "Loc"]]