<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

First, let's look at the input sentence again: "Segundo fonte do Comando Territorial da GNR de Viseu, o homem terá "caído da berma da via para a ribeira" - uma queda de cerca de dois metros."

Participants to classify are ["fonte", "Comando Territorial da GNR de Viseu", "o homem"].

Starting with "fonte". In the sentence, it's mentioned as "segundo fonte", which translates to "according to a source". The term "fonte" here refers to a person or entity providing information. However, in the example provided earlier, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person). But wait, in the example, "fonte" was used as "a source" from the police, so maybe it's a person. But here, it's just "fonte" without specifying who. However, the example had "fonte" as "Per" even when it was referred to as "a source" from the police. So maybe "fonte" here is a person, so "Per".

Next, "Comando Territorial da GNR de Viseu". GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is a Portuguese police force. The "Comando Territorial" would be a local command or branch of the GNR in Viseu. Since it's an organization, this should be classified as "Org".

Then, "o homem". The sentence says "o homem terá caído..." which means "the man had fallen...". This is clearly referring to a person, so "Per".

Wait, but the example had "fonte" as "Per" even when it was a source from an organization. But in this case, "fonte" is just a generic source, not a specific person. However, the example's output for "fonte" was "Per", so maybe in this context, even if it's a generic source, it's considered a person. Alternatively, maybe "fonte" here is an organization? But the example had "fonte" as "Per" when it was a source from the police. Hmm, maybe the user expects "fonte" to be "Per" here as well.

So the classifications would be:

- "fonte" → Per
- "Comando Territorial da GNR de Viseu" → Org
- "o homem" → Per

I need to make sure there's no other possible classifications. "Comando Territorial" is part of the GNR, which is an organization, so that's definitely Org. "o homem" is a person. "fonte" is a source, which in the example was considered a person, so I'll go with that.
</think>

[["fonte", "Per"], ["Comando Territorial da GNR de Viseu", "Org"], ["o homem", "Per"]]