<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "O indiciado, que confessou o crime, trabalhava com outro indivíduo, que agora se encontra foragido, segundo as autoridades." Translating this to English, it's about an indicted person who confessed to a crime and worked with another individual who is now a fugitive, according to the authorities.

Now, identifying participants. The main entities here are:

1. "O indiciado" – the indicted person. This is a participant as they are involved in the crime.
2. "outro indivíduo" – another individual, who is a fugitive. Also a participant.
3. "as autoridades" – the authorities, who are reporting the information. They might be considered participants as they are involved in the situation.
4. "o crime" – the crime itself. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The crime is an event, not an entity. Maybe not a participant. The example in the task didn't include events, only entities. So maybe "o crime" isn't a participant here.
5. "trabalhava com" – working with, but that's a verb phrase, not an entity.

Looking at the example output from the user's previous task, they included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were parts of the event. But in this case, "o crime" is an event, not an entity. So probably not included.

So the participants would be:

- "O indiciado" – high confidence, 0.95
- "outro indivíduo" – high confidence, 0.9
- "as autoridades" – they are mentioned as the source, so they are participants, 0.85

Wait, the example output had "fonte" (source) as a participant. In the previous example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were included. So in this case, "segundo as autoridades" – the authorities are the source, so they are participants.

But "as autoridades" is a group, so they should be included. 

Now, checking for any other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any organizations, places, or other entities. So the three entities are the indicted person, the other individual, and the authorities.

But wait, the user's example included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So even if they are parts of the event, they are considered participants. In this case, the crime is an event, but the individuals involved are participants. 

So the final list would be:

["O indiciado", 0.95], ["outro indivíduo", 0.9], ["as autoridades", 0.85]

I need to make sure there are no duplicates. The example had "Um avião", "o avião", etc., but in this case, "O indiciado" and "outro indivíduo" are distinct. "as autoridades" is mentioned once. 

Confidence scores: The indicted person is directly mentioned, so high. The other individual is also directly mentioned, but maybe slightly lower. The authorities are mentioned as the source, so moderate confidence. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. No other entities. The crime is an event, not an entity. So the answer should be those three.
</think>

[["O indiciado", 0.95], ["outro indivíduo", 0.9], ["as autoridades", 0.85]]