<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example output shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, so I need to be careful with noun phrases.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is: "According to the same source, the seriously injured person was transported to the Hospital de São José, in Lisbon, and the other victim was "declared a corpse at the scene", on Estrada Nacional 2-3, in the parish of Valada."

Breaking it down, the main event here is a transportation of an injured person and another victim being declared a corpse. The participants would be the entities involved in this situation.

Starting with "the seriously injured person" – that's a person involved, so that's a participant. Then "the other victim" is another person. The hospital mentioned is "Hospital de São José" in Lisbon. "Lisbon" is a location, so that's a participant. "Estrada Nacional 2-3" is a road, which is a location. "the parish of Valada" is another location. 

The phrase "the same source" refers to a previous source mentioned, which in the example was "a Public Security Police source" or "Lusa." Since the input here mentions "the same source," but the previous context isn't provided, I might need to include "the same source" as a participant, but the confidence might be lower. However, in the example, "source" and "the same source" were included as separate entities. Wait, in the example, "source" and "the same source" were both listed. So here, "the same source" would be a participant. 

Also, "declared a corpse at the scene" – "the scene" might be a location, but it's not explicitly named. However, in the example, "at the scene" was not included as a participant. Wait, looking back at the example, the output included "the airports" and "Farnborough," but not "at the scene." Hmm, maybe "the scene" is not a named entity here. The example included "Estrada Nacional 2-3" as a location, so maybe "the scene" is not a named entity but a general term, so it's not included. 

Wait, the example output had "Estrada Nacional 2-3" as a participant. So in the current input, "Estrada Nacional 2-3" is a named location, so that's a participant. "the parish of Valada" is another location. 

Also, "Hospital de São José" is an organization, so that's a participant. "Lisbon" is a city, so that's a participant. 

Now, checking for other entities. The text mentions "the seriously injured person" and "the other victim." Are these individuals? Yes, so they are participants. 

The phrase "the same source" – in the example, "source" and "the same source" were both included. So here, "the same source" is a participant. 

What about "declared a corpse at the scene"? The verb phrase, but "declared a corpse" is an action, not an entity. So "the other victim" is the participant, and "declared a corpse" is the action. 

So compiling all the participants:

- "the seriously injured person"
- "the other victim"
- "Hospital de São José"
- "Lisbon"
- "Estrada Nacional 2-3"
- "the parish of Valada"
- "the same source"

Wait, but in the example, "source" was included as a participant. Here, "the same source" is a participant. Also, "the seriously injured person" and "the other victim" are both individuals. 

Now, checking for confidence. For "the seriously injured person" and "the other victim," confidence is high, maybe 0.95. For "Hospital de São José," 0.9. "Lisbon" as a location, 0.8. "Estrada Nacional 2-3" is a specific road, so 0.9. "the parish of Valada" is a specific place, 0.8. "the same source" – since it's a reference to a previous source, but not explicitly named here, confidence might be lower, maybe 0.7. 

Wait, but in the example, "the same source" was included with confidence 0.8. So maybe similar here. 

I need to make sure I'm not missing any entities. The text also mentions "in Lisbon" and "in the parish of Valada," but "in" is a preposition. The actual locations are "Lisbon" and "the parish of Valada." 

So the final list would be:

["the seriously injured person", 0.95], ["the other victim", 0.95], ["Hospital de São José", 0.9], ["Lisbon", 0.8], ["Estrada Nacional 2-3", 0.9], ["the parish of Valada", 0.8], ["the same source", 0.7]

Wait, but the example included "source" as a participant. Here, "the same source" is a participant. Also, in the example, "the airports" was included, which is a plural noun. So in this case, "the parish of Valada" is a specific place, so it's included. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The input doesn't mention any organizations or groups other than the hospital and the source. The source is mentioned as "the same source," which is a participant. The victims are individuals. The locations are the hospital, Lisbon, the road, and the parish. 

Yes, that seems comprehensive.
</think>

[["the seriously injured person", 0.95], ["the other victim", 0.95], ["Hospital de São José", 0.9], ["Lisbon", 0.8], ["Estrada Nacional 2-3", 0.9], ["the parish of Valada", 0.8], ["the same source", 0.7]]