<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided gives a list with confidence scores, so I need to follow that format.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is: "According to the Santarém GNR, the victims are two men, between 30 and 40 years old, who were walking and were run over by a light vehicle."

Breaking it down, the main event is a traffic accident where two men were run over by a light vehicle. The participants here would be the victims (the two men), the Santarém GNR (the source of the information), and the light vehicle involved.

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "Plane", "engine", "A plane", etc. So even if the entity is a part of something (like "engine"), it's included. But I need to check if each term is a participant. For instance, "light vehicle" is an entity here. The two men are victims, so they are participants. The Santarém GNR is an organization providing the information, so they are a participant. The age range "between 30 and 40 years old" might not be an entity but a descriptor. However, the example included "engine" as an entity, so maybe parts of the sentence are included even if they are not full names. 

Wait, in the example, "to engine" was included. That seems like a preposition + noun. But maybe the user wants all noun phrases that are participants. So "light vehicle" is a noun phrase. The two men are the victims, but the example didn't include "two men" as an entity, but instead included "victims" as a term. Wait, looking back at the example output, they included "victims" as an entity? Wait, no, in the example input, the output had entries like "Plane", "engine", "A plane", etc. So maybe they are extracting all noun phrases that are participants, even if they are parts of the sentence.

In the given input, the entities would be:

- Santarém GNR (organization)
- victims (group of individuals)
- two men (individuals, but the example didn't include numbers, but maybe "two men" is considered as an entity)
- light vehicle (vehicle involved)

But the example output included "the same source" as an entity. So maybe even phrases like "the victims" are included. Let me check the example again. The example input had "a Public Security Police source told Lusa" and the output included "a Public Security Police", "source", "the same source", etc. So they included the noun phrases even if they are descriptors or titles.

So applying that to the current input:

- "Santarém GNR" is an organization, so that's a participant.
- "the victims" are participants.
- "two men" are participants (though the example didn't have numbers, but maybe it's included as "two men").
- "light vehicle" is a participant.

But wait, the example included "the aircraft" and "the plane" as separate entities. So even if they are the same thing, they are listed as separate entries. So in this case, "the victims" and "two men" might be separate entries. However, the example didn't have "two men" but included "victims" as an entity. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "victims" as an entity? Wait, looking back at the example input and output:

Input: "Plane makes emergency landing at Lisbon airport due to engine failure..."

Output includes entries like "engine", "a stopped engine", "the aircraft", etc. So they included specific noun phrases. In the current input, "the victims" is a noun phrase, so that's an entity. "two men" is a noun phrase, so that's another. "light vehicle" is another. "Santarém GNR" is an organization. 

But the example output also included "source" and "the same source". So even if the source is mentioned as "a Public Security Police source", they split into "a Public Security Police" and "source". So in this case, "Santarém GNR" is an entity, and "the victims" is another. "two men" is a noun phrase, but maybe "men" is the entity. However, the example included "two men" as an entity? Wait, in the example input, the output had "two men" as an entity? Let me check again.

Wait, the example input's output was:

["Plane", "to engine", "A plane", "engine", "the aircraft", "a stopped engine", "The aircraft", "The plane", "airport", "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", "the airports", "Farnborough", "England", "Lisbon", "Lusa.", "a Public Security Police", "airline Jota Aviation", "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", "source", "the same source", "Lisbon", "website."]

So "two men" isn't in the example, but "victims" isn't either. Wait, the example input had "victims" in the current input, but the example output didn't include that. Wait, the example input given in the task was about a plane landing, and the output didn't have "victims" because that's not part of that example. So in the current input, "the victims" is a noun phrase, so it's an entity. "two men" is another noun phrase. "light vehicle" is another. "Santarém GNR" is an organization. 

But the example output included "the same source" as an entity. So in this case, "the victims" and "two men" would be separate entries. However, the user might consider "two men" as the victims, so maybe "the victims" is the main entity, and "two men" is a descriptor. But the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entities. So perhaps both "the victims" and "two men" are included. 

Also, "light vehicle" is an entity. "Santarém GNR" is an organization. 

So the list would be:

- "Santarém GNR" (confidence high, maybe 0.9)
- "the victims" (confidence 0.8)
- "two men" (confidence 0.7)
- "light vehicle" (confidence 0.8)

But wait, the example included "the same source" as an entity. So "the victims" is a noun phrase, so that's included. "two men" is a noun phrase. "light vehicle" is another. 

But the user might not want to include numbers like "two" as part of the entity. However, the example included "two men" as an entity? Wait, in the example input, the output didn't have "two men", but the example input was different. So maybe in this case, "two men" is considered as an entity. 

Alternatively, maybe "men" is the entity, but the example included "engine" as an entity, not "engine failure". So the noun phrases are extracted. 

So I think the correct approach is to list all noun phrases that are participants. So:

["Santarém GNR", 0.9], ["the victims", 0.8], ["two men", 0.7], ["light vehicle", 0.8]

But I need to check if "the victims" and "two men" are separate. Since the victims are the two men, but the text says "the victims are two men", so "the victims" is a group, and "two men" is the description. However, the example included "the aircraft" and "The plane" as separate entries. So in this case, "the victims" and "two men" are both noun phrases and should be included. 

Also, "light vehicle" is an entity. 

So the final list would be those four entries with their confidence scores. The confidence scores are subjective, but I need to assign them between 0 and 1. For "Santarém GNR", it's a proper noun, so high confidence (0.9). "the victims" is a noun phrase, so 0.8. "two men" is a noun phrase, maybe 0.7. "light vehicle" is a noun phrase, 0.8. 

I think that's the correct approach.
</think>

[["Santarém GNR", 0.9], ["the victims", 0.8], ["two men", 0.7], ["light vehicle", 0.8]]