<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" and "a stopped engine" are included, which seems a bit odd, but maybe they're considering parts of the event as participants.

Looking at the input: "The alert was given at 6:14 pm, according to the website of the National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority, which reports that 13 operatives and five vehicles were on site two hours later."

First, I need to identify all entities. The main entities here are "National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority" as an organization. Then, "13 operatives" and "five vehicles" are participants. The website is mentioned, but the example included "website." so maybe "website" is a participant here. However, the example also included "source" and "the same source," which are references to entities. 

Wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source" as entities. In the given input, "the website of the National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority" is a source. So maybe "the website" is a participant here. But the example had "Lusa." as an entity. So perhaps any named entity or reference to a source is included.

Also, "13 operatives" and "five vehicles" are participants. The time "6:14 pm" and "two hours later" are times, not participants. The location isn't explicitly mentioned here, but the example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants, even if they were locations. So maybe locations are considered participants if they are part of the event.

Wait, in the example, "airport" was included. So maybe any named location or entity that's part of the event is included. In this input, the National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority is an organization. The website is part of that authority. The operatives and vehicles are people and things involved. 

So the entities would be:
- National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority (organization)
- website (as part of the authority's website)
- 13 operatives (individuals)
- five vehicles (objects)

But the example included "source" as an entity. In the input, "according to the website..." so "the website" is a source. Also, "the website of the National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority" is a specific entity. However, in the example, "Lusa." was included as an entity. So maybe the website is considered a participant here. 

But the example also had "source" and "the same source" as entities. In this case, the source is the website. So maybe "the website" is the source. However, the input doesn't mention "source" explicitly, but the example included it. Hmm, maybe the user wants to include any entity that's a source of information. In the input, "according to the website..." so the website is the source. Therefore, "the website" is a participant. 

But the example included "source" as an entity. So perhaps even the term "source" is considered a participant. However, in the given input, the source is the website. So maybe "the website" is the participant here. 

Also, "13 operatives" and "five vehicles" are participants. The time is not a participant. The authority is an organization. 

So the list would be:
["National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority", 0.9], ["website", 0.8], ["13 operatives", 0.9], ["five vehicles", 0.9]. 

But wait, in the example, "Lusa." was included as an entity. So maybe the period is included. However, in the input, the website is part of the National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority. So maybe the full entity is "the website of the National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority", but that's a bit long. However, the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity. So maybe the full name is better. 

Alternatively, the example included "the same source" as an entity. In this case, the source is the website. So maybe "the website" is the entity. 

But the example included "source" as an entity. However, in the input, the source is the website. So perhaps "the website" is the entity here. 

I think the safest way is to extract the named organizations, groups, and entities mentioned. So:

- National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority (organization)
- website (as part of the authority's website)
- 13 operatives (individuals)
- five vehicles (objects)

But the example included "source" as an entity. However, in this input, the source is the website. So maybe "the website" is the source. 

Alternatively, the example included "source" and "the same source" as entities. In this case, the source is the website. So maybe "the website" is the entity. 

So the final list would be:

["National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority", 0.9], ["website", 0.8], ["13 operatives", 0.9], ["five vehicles", 0.9]

But I need to check if "website" is a participant. In the example, "Lusa." was included, which is a news agency. So in this case, the website is part of the National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority. So maybe the full entity is "the website of the National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority", but that's a bit long. However, the example included "a Public Security Police" as an entity, which is a group. So maybe the full name is better. 

Alternatively, the example included "the same source" as an entity. In this case, the source is the website. So maybe "the website" is the entity here. 

I think the answer should be:

[
  ["National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority", 0.9],
  ["website", 0.8],
  ["13 operatives", 0.9],
  ["five vehicles", 0.9]
]

But I need to check if "website" is a participant. Since the example included "website." as an entity, maybe including "website" here is correct. Also, the example included "source" as an entity, but in this case, the source is the website. So maybe "the website" is the participant. 

Alternatively, the example had "source" and "the same source" as entities. In this input, the source is the website. So maybe "the website" is the entity. 

I think that's the correct approach.
</think>

[["National Emergency and Civil Protection Authority", 0.9], ["website", 0.8], ["13 operatives", 0.9], ["five vehicles", 0.9]]