<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like organizations, individuals, or even specific roles mentioned in the text.

First, I need to understand the input text. The sentence is: "The alert reached the authorities at 11:45 am and the Judiciary Police were called to investigate, as this is a case within the reserved jurisdiction of that criminal police body."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the entities involved. The first part mentions "authorities" and "Judiciary Police." Then there's a reference to "that criminal police body," which probably refers back to the Judiciary Police. 

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "Plane," "engine," "Lisbon," etc., even if they were parts of larger phrases. So I need to check if each noun phrase that represents a participant is captured. 

In the given input, "authorities" is a general term but might be considered a participant. However, sometimes "authorities" can be too vague. But according to the definition, participants are those involved or impacted. Since the alert reached them, they are involved. Then "Judiciary Police" is explicitly mentioned as being called to investigate. "Criminal police body" is a bit more abstract, but since it's referring to the Judiciary Police, maybe it's redundant. However, the example included "source" and "the same source," so perhaps even descriptors like "that criminal police body" should be included if they refer to an entity. 

Wait, the example output included "a Public Security Police" and "the same source." So maybe even if it's a descriptor, like "that criminal police body," if it's referring to an entity, it should be included. However, in this case, "that criminal police body" is a descriptor for the Judiciary Police. But since the Judiciary Police are already mentioned, maybe "that criminal police body" is just a descriptor and not a separate entity. 

Alternatively, maybe "Judiciary Police" is the main entity here, and "criminal police body" is a role or description of them. The example included "source" and "the same source," which are roles. So perhaps "Judiciary Police" is the entity, and "criminal police body" is a role, but the user might expect both. However, the example didn't include roles like "criminal police body" but included "source" as an entity. Hmm, this is a bit confusing. 

Wait, looking back at the example input and output. The input had "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." The output included "a Public Security Police" and "source." So "source" is considered an entity here. Similarly, "the same source" is also included. So even if it's a role or a descriptor, if it's a noun phrase that refers to an entity, it's included. 

In the current input, "Judiciary Police" is an entity. "Criminal police body" is a descriptor, but since it's a noun phrase, maybe it's included. However, the example didn't include "criminal police body" but included "source." Wait, the example input had "source" as part of the entity. So maybe in this case, "Judiciary Police" is the main entity, and "criminal police body" is a descriptor that refers back to them. But the user might want both. However, the example didn't include "criminal police body" but included "source" and "the same source." 

Alternatively, maybe "Judiciary Police" is the entity, and "criminal police body" is a role or description, so it's not a separate entity. But the example included "source" as an entity. So perhaps "source" is considered an entity even though it's a role. Therefore, in this case, "Judiciary Police" is the entity, and "criminal police body" might be a role, but since it's a noun phrase, maybe it's included. 

But the example output included "the same source" as an entity. So if "that criminal police body" is a noun phrase referring to the Judiciary Police, then maybe it's included. However, the example didn't include "criminal police body" but included "source" and "the same source." So perhaps the user is looking for all noun phrases that are participants, even if they are descriptors. 

Alternatively, maybe "criminal police body" is not a specific entity but a general term. But the text says "this is a case within the reserved jurisdiction of that criminal police body," which refers to the Judiciary Police. So "that criminal police body" is a reference to the Judiciary Police. Therefore, maybe "criminal police body" is a descriptor, not a separate entity. 

So the main participants here are "authorities" and "Judiciary Police." But "authorities" might be too vague. However, according to the example, "airport" and "Lisbon" were included as entities. So even if "authorities" is a general term, it's still considered a participant. 

So the entities would be:

- "authorities" (confidence around 0.7, since it's a general term but involved)
- "Judiciary Police" (confidence 0.9, as it's explicitly mentioned)
- "criminal police body" (confidence 0.6, since it's a descriptor but refers to the Judiciary Police, but maybe not a separate entity)
- "case" (but the example didn't include "case" as a participant, so maybe not)
- "reserved jurisdiction" (probably not, as it's a legal term, not an entity)

Wait, the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So even parts of the event, like "engine failure," are considered participants. So in this case, "case" might be considered a participant, but the example didn't include it. Hmm, maybe not. The example included "source" and "the same source," which are roles. 

Alternatively, the user might be looking for all noun phrases that are participants, regardless of being roles or objects. So in the input, "authorities" and "Judiciary Police" are the main participants. "criminal police body" is a descriptor, but since it's a noun phrase, maybe it's included. However, the example didn't include "criminal police body" but included "source" and "the same source." 

This is a bit ambiguous. To be safe, I'll include "authorities," "Judiciary Police," and "criminal police body" as entities, but with varying confidence levels. However, the example output included "source" as an entity, so "criminal police body" might be considered a role here. 

Alternatively, maybe "criminal police body" is not a separate entity but a description of the Judiciary Police. Therefore, the main entities are "authorities" and "Judiciary Police." 

But the example included "the same source" as an entity, which is a role. So maybe even if it's a role, it's included. Therefore, "criminal police body" could be considered a role here, but since it's a noun phrase, it's included. 

So the final list would be:

["authorities", 0.7], ["Judiciary Police", 0.9], ["criminal police body", 0.6]

But I need to check if "authorities" is considered a participant. Since the alert reached them, they are involved. So yes. 

Another thing: the example included "airport" and "Lisbon" as entities. So even locations are included. In the current input, "authorities" is a group, "Judiciary Police" is an organization, and "criminal police body" is a role. 

I think that's the best approach. So the JSON array would be:

[["authorities", 0.7], ["Judiciary Police", 0.9], ["criminal police body", 0.6]]
</think>

[["authorities", 0.7], ["Judiciary Police", 0.9], ["criminal police body", 0.6]]