<think>
Okay, let's see. The task is to classify each participant in the given input into one of the specified classes. The input is "Man dies in shark attack on beach in northwest Australia". The participants to classify are ["Man", "shark", "beach", "northwest Australia"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example provided earlier had entries like "Plane" classified as Object, "airport" as Facility, etc. So I need to apply similar logic here.

Starting with "Man". A man is a person, so that should be "Person". 

Next, "shark". Sharks are animals, which would fall under Nature, right? Because Nature includes living things that aren't humans or organizations. 

Then "beach". A beach is a location, so that's "Location". 

Lastly, "northwest Australia". Australia is a country, so "northwest Australia" is a part of a country, which would still be a Location. But wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", but here "northwest Australia" is a region, not a capital. However, the classes don't have subcategories like Pl_capital. Wait, looking back at the example output, the classes used were things like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", "Pl_country", but in the initial list, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Wait, maybe the example had some custom subcategories, but the user's instruction says the classes are the seven listed. Wait, the example output had entries like "Pl_capital" but the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Hmm, that's conflicting. Wait, looking back at the original problem statement:

The user provided an example where the output included classes like "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", "Pl_country", etc. But the initial instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example is using a different classification system, but the user's current task is to use the seven main classes. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So in the current task, the classes are those seven. However, in the example provided, they used subcategories like "Pl_capital" which might be a mistake. But the user's current task is to follow the seven main classes. Therefore, "northwest Australia" would be a Location. 

Wait, but in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the classes given, it should be "Location". Maybe the example is incorrect, but the user's instruction says to use the seven classes. Therefore, I should stick to the seven classes.

So:

- "Man" is Person.
- "shark" is Nature (as it's an animal).
- "beach" is Location.
- "northwest Australia" is Location.

But wait, "northwest Australia" is a region, which is a part of a country. Since the class is Location, that's acceptable. So the classifications would be:

["Man", "Person"], ["shark", "Nature"], ["beach", "Location"], ["northwest Australia", "Location"].

I need to make sure there are no other possibilities. For example, "shark" could be considered an Object, but since it's a living creature, Nature is more appropriate. "Beach" is a natural feature, so Location. "northwest Australia" is a geographical location, so Location. "Man" is clearly a Person. That seems right.
</think>

[["Man", "Person"], ["shark", "Nature"], ["beach", "Location"], ["northwest Australia", "Location"]]