<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about shark attacks in Australia and the number of deaths. The participants to classify are "shark attacks" and "Australia". 

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "shark attacks". Shark attacks are events caused by sharks, which are animals. The class "Nature" might include natural phenomena or living things. However, "shark attacks" is an event, not an object or a location. But looking at the example given earlier, "engine" was classified as "Obj" (Object). Wait, but "shark attacks" is an event, not an object. Hmm. Maybe "Nature" is for natural entities like animals, plants, or natural phenomena. Alternatively, if "shark attacks" is considered an event, maybe it's "Other"? But I need to check the example again.

In the example, "engine" was classified as "Obj". So maybe "shark attacks" is an event, but since it's a natural occurrence, perhaps "Nature"? Or maybe "Other" if it doesn't fit into the other categories. Wait, the classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. 

"Shark attacks" isn't a person, organization, location, facility, or object. It's an event, which might fall under "Other". But "Nature" could be for natural events. However, the example had "engine" as "Obj", which is a physical object. So "shark attacks" is an event, not an object. So maybe "Other" is the right class here. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, "Nature" could be for natural events, but I need to check if that's the intended use.

Now, "Australia" is clearly a country, which is a location. So "Location" would be the class for "Australia".

Wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital" (probably a sub-class of Location). But in the current task, the classes are more general. The user's instruction says to use the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "Australia" is a Location. 

So for "shark attacks", since it's an event, not an object or location, maybe "Other" is the correct class. But I need to check if "Nature" could apply. If "Nature" includes natural events or phenomena, then "shark attacks" could be considered part of Nature. However, the example didn't have any entries classified under Nature. For example, in the example, "engine" was Object, "airport" was Facility. So maybe "shark attacks" is an event, which isn't covered by the classes, so it would be "Other". 

Therefore, the classifications would be:

["shark attacks", "Other"], ["Australia", "Location"]

But I need to make sure. Let me think again. "Shark attacks" is a type of event, which isn't one of the main classes. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So if it's not any of the first six, it's Other. So "Other" is correct for "shark attacks". Australia is a country, so Location.
</think>

[["shark attacks", "Other"], ["Australia", "Location"]]