<think>
Okay, let's tackle this query. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, etc., and even things like "engine" or "airport" might be included if they're relevant.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Hired killers (sicarios) possibly with links to drug trafficking shot dead seven people in the Mexican state of Michoacán, local authorities reported on Wednesday, stating that the victims' bodies were abandoned on a rural road."

So, the main event here is the shooting of seven people by hired killers linked to drug trafficking. The participants would be the ones involved in or affected by this event. Let's break it down.

Starting with the main actors: "Hired killers (sicarios)" – that's definitely a group or individuals involved. The term "sicarios" is a Spanish term for hired killers, so that's a key entity. Then "drug trafficking" is mentioned as a possible link, but is that an entity? The definition says participants can be groups or organizations. Drug trafficking is more of an activity or a category, but maybe the group involved in drug trafficking is the actual participant. However, the text doesn't name a specific organization, just "drug trafficking" as a possible link. So maybe "drug trafficking" isn't a participant here but rather a descriptor of the killers. Hmm, tricky. The example included "engine" and "airport" as participants, so maybe even abstract terms are included if they are part of the event. But I need to be careful here.

Next, "local authorities" are mentioned as the ones reporting the incident. They are participants because they are involved in the reporting. Then "Mexican state of Michoacán" is a location, but the definition says participants can be entities like locations if they are impacted. However, in the example, "Lisbon" was included multiple times. So maybe locations are considered participants. The "victims" are the seven people shot dead. The text says "the victims' bodies were abandoned," so "victims" is a participant. Also, "Wednesday" is a time, but the example didn't include dates, so maybe not. "Rural road" is a location where the bodies were abandoned, so that might be a participant. 

Let me list possible entities:

1. Hired killers (sicarios) – high confidence, they are the ones who shot people.
2. Drug trafficking – maybe, but not sure if it's a participant or just a descriptor.
3. Local authorities – they reported the incident, so they are involved.
4. Mexican state of Michoacán – location, but maybe included as a participant.
5. Victims – the seven people, but the text says "seven people" but doesn't name them. However, the example included "the victims" as an entity. Wait, in the example, "the victims" wasn't in the output, but "the aircraft" was. Wait, looking back at the example input, the output included "the aircraft" and "the plane" as entities. So maybe even pronouns or descriptors are included if they refer to a participant. 

Wait, the example output had "the aircraft" and "the plane" as separate entities. So in this case, "victims" would be an entity. Also, "seven people" is a count, but the entity is "victims" or "people." The text says "seven people" but the example included "the victims" as an entity. So maybe "victims" is the entity here. 

Also, "rural road" is a location where the bodies were abandoned, so that's a participant. 

Now, confidence scores. For "Hired killers (sicarios)" – high confidence, 0.95. "Drug trafficking" – maybe 0.5, but not sure. The example included "engine" as an entity, which is a noun, so maybe "drug trafficking" is a noun phrase here. However, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. Drug trafficking is an activity, not an entity. So maybe it's not a participant. 

"Local authorities" – definitely a participant, 0.9. "Mexican state of Michoacán" – as a location, maybe 0.8. "Victims" – 0.9. "Rural road" – 0.7. 

Wait, the example included "the airports" as an entity. So even if it's a plural noun, it's included. So "rural road" would be included. 

Also, "Wednesday" – the example didn't include dates, so probably not. 

So compiling the list:

["Hired killers (sicarios)", 0.95], ["local authorities", 0.9], ["Mexican state of Michoacán", 0.8], ["victims", 0.9], ["rural road", 0.7]. 

Wait, but the example included "the same source" as an entity. So maybe "the victims" is more precise than "victims" but the text says "the victims' bodies," so "victims" is the entity. 

Also, "drug trafficking" – the text says "possibly with links to drug trafficking," so it's a possible link, not a direct participant. So maybe it's not a participant. 

So the final list would be the ones I listed above. Let me check again. The user's example included "the same source" as an entity, so even if it's a pronoun or a descriptor, it's included. So in this case, "local authorities" is an entity, "Mexican state of Michoacán" is a location, "victims" as the people shot, and "rural road" as the location where bodies were abandoned. 

I think that's it. Now, converting to JSON format as specified.
</think>

[["Hired killers (sicarios)", 0.95], ["drug trafficking", 0.6], ["local authorities", 0.9], ["Mexican state of Michoacán", 0.8], ["seven people", 0.7], ["victims", 0.9], ["rural road", 0.7]]