<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even things like "to engine" and "a stopped engine" are considered participants, which is a bit confusing. Wait, maybe those are parts of the plane or the event's cause?

Looking at the input: "The identity of the victims is, at this time, unknown." The main entity here is "victims." But the problem is that the victims' identities are unknown. However, the task is to extract participants, not their identities. So even though we don't know who they are, the term "victims" itself is a participant in the event. 

In the example given, they included "victims" as an entity. Wait, in the example input, the output had "victims" as an entity. Let me check the example again. The input was "The identity of the victims is, at this time, unknown." The output was ["victims", 0.8]. So even though the victims are unknown, the term "victims" is considered a participant. 

So in this case, the only participant mentioned is "victims." But the user's instruction says to extract all participants, which could include any entity involved. However, in this sentence, the only entity mentioned is "victims," even though their identity is unknown. 

Wait, but the example output includes "victims" as an entity with confidence 0.8. So following that, in this input, the answer should be ["victims", 0.8]. But maybe the confidence is lower because the victims are unknown. However, the example didn't adjust the confidence based on that. The example's output had "victims" with 0.8, even though the identity is unknown. So perhaps the confidence is based on the presence of the term, not the certainty of the entity's identity. 

Therefore, the correct extraction here is "victims" with a confidence level. The user's example used 0.8 for "victims" when the identity was unknown. So I should follow that. Hence, the output would be [["victims", 0.8]].
</think>

[["victims", 0.8]]