<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" is listed, but maybe that's a typo. The original input had "due to engine failure," so maybe "engine" is the correct entity here.

Looking at the input sentence: "Authorities are considering several lines of investigation, but admit the possibility of this incident being related to drug trafficking and issues of revenge between rival cartels."

First, identify the main entities. "Authorities" is a group, so that's a participant. Then "drug trafficking" and "issues of revenge between rival cartels" – but are those entities? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. Drug trafficking is an activity, not an entity. Rival cartels are groups, so "rival cartels" would be participants. However, the text mentions "issues of revenge between rival cartels," so maybe "rival cartels" is the entity here. Also, "drug trafficking" is a concept, but not an entity. 

Wait, the example included "engine" as a participant. In the original example, "engine" was part of "engine failure," but the output listed "engine" as an entity. So maybe any noun phrase that's a key part of the event is considered a participant. So in this case, "Authorities" is a participant. "Drug trafficking" might be considered an issue, but not an entity. "Rival cartels" are groups, so they should be included. 

So the participants would be "Authorities" and "rival cartels." Also, "drug trafficking" is a concept, but maybe not an entity. The example included "engine" as a participant, so maybe any noun phrase that's a key element. But "drug trafficking" is an activity, not an entity. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "drug trafficking" is considered an entity here. But the example didn't include "engine failure" as a participant, just "engine" and "a stopped engine." 

Wait, the example input had "engine failure" as a reason, but the output included "engine" and "a stopped engine." So maybe the specific noun phrases that are key to the event. In the current input, "Authorities" are the ones considering the investigation, so they are participants. "Rival cartels" are the groups involved in the revenge issues. So those two. 

But the user's example output included "source" and "the same source" as entities. In the input, "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source" were included. So in the current input, "Authorities" is a group, and "rival cartels" are groups. Are there any other entities? The sentence doesn't mention specific organizations or individuals, just "Authorities" and "rival cartels." 

So the output should be ["Authorities", 0.9], ["rival cartels", 0.8]. But wait, the example included "Lusa." as an entity. In the input, "Lusa" is a news agency, so that's an organization. But in the current input, there's no such mention. So in this case, only "Authorities" and "rival cartels" are the participants. 

But wait, "drug trafficking" is a concept, not an entity. So maybe not. The user's example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So maybe any noun that's part of the event. But "drug trafficking" is a noun phrase, but not an entity. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "drug trafficking" is considered a participant as it's an issue related to the incident. But the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. So if the incident is related to drug trafficking, then drug trafficking is a factor, but not an entity. 

I think the correct participants here are "Authorities" and "rival cartels." The confidence levels would be high for "Authorities" since they are explicitly mentioned, and maybe medium for "rival cartels" as they are inferred from the context of revenge between them. So the JSON array would be:

[["Authorities", 0.9], ["rival cartels", 0.7]]
</think>

[["Authorities", 0.9], ["rival cartels", 0.8]]