<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" is listed, but maybe that's a typo. The original input had "due to engine failure," so maybe "engine" is the correct entity, not "to engine." But the example includes "to engine" with confidence 0.8. Hmm, maybe the user wants to capture all noun phrases that could be participants, even if they're part of a larger phrase.

Looking at the input: "Violence with links to organized crime is one of the greatest scourges in Mexico, being responsible for several hundred homicides per year in that country."

First, identify entities. "Violence" is a concept, but maybe not a participant. "Organized crime" is a group or entity. "Mexico" is a country, so a participant. "Homicides" are events, but the participants would be the victims, but they aren't mentioned. The text says "responsible for several hundred homicides," so the perpetrators would be the violence linked to organized crime. But the entities here are "organized crime" and "Mexico." Also, "homicides" might be considered as events, but the participants are the ones involved. Wait, the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. So "Mexico" is impacted, and "organized crime" is the actor. "Violence" is the event, but maybe not a participant. The example included "engine" as a participant, so maybe parts of the sentence that are nouns or noun phrases.

So possible entities: "organized crime," "Mexico," "homicides." Wait, but homicides are the result, not participants. The participants would be the ones causing or affected. So "organized crime" is the actor, "Mexico" is the affected country. "Violence" might be considered as an event, but not a participant. The example included "engine" as a participant, so maybe "homicides" are also included. But the user's example had "engine" as a participant, so perhaps any noun phrase that's a key element. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, "engine failure" is mentioned, and the output includes "engine," "a stopped engine," etc. So even parts of the noun phrases are extracted. So in the current input, "organized crime" is a group, "Mexico" is a country, "homicides" as an event. But the user's example included "the airports" as a participant. So maybe "homicides" is a participant here as an event. But the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. Homicides are events, not entities. Hmm, this is a bit confusing.

Alternatively, maybe the user wants all named entities and key terms. "Organized crime" is a group, "Mexico" is a country. "Homicides" might be considered as an event, but not a participant. The example included "airport" as a participant. So perhaps "homicides" is not a participant here. Let me think again. The task is to extract all participants, which are entities involved or impacted. So "organized crime" is the actor, "Mexico" is the country affected. The violence is the event, but not a participant. So the entities would be "organized crime" and "Mexico." But the example included "engine" as a participant, which is part of the event. Maybe in this case, "homicides" is not a participant, but "organized crime" and "Mexico" are. Also, "violence" might be considered as an entity, but it's more of a concept. The example included "engine" as a participant, so perhaps any noun phrase that's a key element. So "violence" might be included, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "violence with links to organized crime" is the main entity. But the example didn't include such a phrase. The example included "engine" as a separate entity. So perhaps "organized crime" is the main entity here. Let me go with that. So the output would be ["organized crime", 0.9], ["Mexico", 0.9]. Wait, but the example had "Lisbon" and "Farnborough" as participants. So in this case, "Mexico" is a participant. Also, "homicides" might be considered as an event, but not a participant. So the answer would be those two entities. But maybe "violence" is also a participant? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The violence is the event, so maybe not. So the final answer would be ["organized crime", 0.9], ["Mexico", 0.9]. But I need to check if there are any other entities. The text mentions "several hundred homicides per year in that country." "That country" refers to Mexico, so "Mexico" is already included. "Homicides" are the result, not participants. So I think that's it.
</think>

[["organized crime", 0.9], ["Mexico", 0.9]]