<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their own confidence. 

First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred. So, I need to look for all such entities in the input text.

Looking at the input: "A GNR, a primeira força policial a chegar ao local do crime, disse na segunda-feira que não estava clara a motivação do alegado homicida, de 72 anos, contra quem não havia qualquer queixa por violência doméstica."

Breaking it down:

- "A GNR" is mentioned first. GNR is a Portuguese police force, so that's an organization. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.
- "a primeira força policial" refers to GNR again, but it's a description, so maybe not a separate entity. Wait, but the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a separate entity. So maybe even descriptive phrases that refer to the same entity are considered separate mentions. But in the example, "Um avião" and "O avião" were both listed. So here, "a primeira força policial" might be a descriptor of GNR, but since it's not a name, maybe it's not a participant. Hmm, tricky. The example included "a aeronave" and "a aeronave" again, so maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity is considered. So "a primeira força policial" might be a descriptor, but since it's not a named entity, maybe not. Wait, but in the example, "a aeronave" was included even though it's a generic term. So perhaps any noun phrase that refers to an entity, even if it's a common noun, is considered a participant. 

Next, "alegado homicida" – the alleged murderer. That's an individual, so that's a participant. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.9. The age is given as 72, but the entity is the person, so "alegado homicida" is the participant. 

"quem não havia qualquer queixa por violência doméstica" – "quem" refers back to the alleged homicida. So that's the same entity as before. But in the example, "a mesma fonte" was included as a separate entity. So maybe "quem" here is a pronoun referring to the homicida, but since it's a pronoun, should it be considered? The example included "a mesma fonte" as a separate entity, so maybe pronouns that refer to previously mentioned entities are included. However, in the example, "o motor" was included multiple times. So perhaps even pronouns or references that are not proper nouns but refer to entities are included. 

So, "alegado homicida" is one entity, and "quem" refers to the same person. But in the example, they included "a mesma fonte" as a separate entity. So maybe "quem" is considered a separate mention here. But the user's instruction says to extract all participants, which are entities. So "quem" is a pronoun, but the actual entity is the homicida. However, in the example, "a mesma fonte" was included as a separate entity. So perhaps even if it's a pronoun, it's considered a participant. 

Wait, but the example output includes "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So even if it's a pronoun or a reference, they are included. So in this case, "quem" would be a participant, but since it's a pronoun, maybe it's not. Alternatively, maybe the actual entity is the homicida, and "quem" is just a pronoun pointing to that entity. But the example included "a mesma fonte" as a separate entity. So perhaps in this case, "quem" is considered a separate participant. But I'm not sure. 

Alternatively, maybe the user wants all noun phrases that refer to participants, regardless of whether they are pronouns or not. So "alegado homicida" is one, "quem" is another. But in the example, "a mesma fonte" was included. So perhaps "quem" should be included here as well. 

But the user's example included "o motor" multiple times, even though it's the same entity. So maybe even if it's a pronoun or a reference, each mention is considered a separate entity. 

So, in the input, the entities would be:

- "A GNR" – organization, confidence 0.95
- "a primeira força policial" – but this is a description of GNR, not a separate entity. Wait, but in the example, "a aeronave" was included even though it's a generic term. So maybe "a primeira força policial" is a participant here, but it's a description. However, the user's example included "a aeronave" and "a aeronave" again. So perhaps any noun phrase that refers to an entity is considered. 

But "a primeira força policial" is a descriptor, not a proper noun. However, in the example, "a aeronave" was included. So maybe even generic terms are considered participants if they are the subject of the event. 

Alternatively, maybe the user is looking for named entities. But the example includes "a aeronave" which is a common noun. So perhaps the task is to extract all noun phrases that refer to participants, regardless of being named or not. 

So, in the input, "A GNR" is a proper noun, so that's a participant. Then "a primeira força policial" is a noun phrase, but it's a descriptor of GNR. However, since it's a noun phrase, maybe it's considered a participant. But this might be overcomplicating. 

Alternatively, maybe the user wants all entities that are explicitly mentioned, regardless of being named. So "A GNR" is an organization, "alegado homicida" is an individual, "quem" refers to the same individual. 

But the example included "a mesma fonte" as a separate entity. So maybe "quem" is considered a separate entity here. 

But I'm not sure. Let's look at the example again. The input had "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte". So "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were both included. So even if it's a pronoun or a reference, they are considered separate entities. 

Therefore, in the current input, "alegado homicida" is one entity, and "quem" is another. But "quem" is a pronoun, but in the example, "a mesma fonte" was included. So maybe "quem" is considered a participant here. 

But the user's instruction says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. "Quem" is a pronoun, but it refers to the homicida. However, the example included "a mesma fonte" as a separate entity. So perhaps even pronouns that refer to entities are considered participants. 

So, in this case, the entities would be:

- "A GNR" (organization)
- "a primeira força policial" (description of GNR, but maybe not a participant)
- "alegado homicida" (individual)
- "quem" (referring to the homicida)
- "violência doméstica" (a concept, not an entity)
- "72 anos" (age, not an entity)
- "não havia qualquer queixa" (a statement, not an entity)

But the example included "a aeronave" and "a aeronave" again. So perhaps even if it's a generic term, it's considered a participant. So "alegado homicida" is one, "quem" is another. 

But maybe "quem" is not a participant, but a pronoun. The example included "a mesma fonte" as a participant. So perhaps in this case, "quem" is considered a participant. 

Alternatively, maybe the user wants all noun phrases that are participants, regardless of being pronouns. 

So, compiling the list:

1. "A GNR" – confidence 0.95
2. "a primeira força policial" – but this is a descriptor, maybe not a participant. The example included "a aeronave" which is a generic noun. So perhaps this is a participant. But "a primeira força policial" is a description of GNR, not a separate entity. Maybe not. 

Alternatively, since "a primeira força policial" is a noun phrase, it's considered a participant. But I'm not sure. 

The example included "a aeronave" and "a aeronave" again. So maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity is considered. So "a primeira força policial" would be a participant. But in the example, "a aeronave" was included even though it's a generic term. 

But in the example, "a aeronave" was included multiple times. So perhaps even if it's a generic term, it's considered a participant. 

So, in this case, "a primeira força policial" is a noun phrase, so it's a participant. But since it's a descriptor of GNR, maybe it's redundant. However, the example included "a aeronave" and "a aeronave" again. So perhaps each mention is considered a separate entity. 

But this seems like overcomplicating. Maybe the user wants all named entities and any noun phrases that refer to entities. 

Alternatively, maybe the user wants all entities that are explicitly named or referred to, regardless of being named. 

So, in the input, "A GNR" is an organization. "alegado homicida" is an individual. "quem" refers to the same individual. "a primeira força policial" is a noun phrase, but it's a descriptor of GNR, so maybe not a separate entity. 

But the example included "a aeronave" and "a aeronave" again. So perhaps even if it's a generic noun, it's considered a participant. 

Therefore, the entities would be:

- "A GNR" (0.95)
- "alegado homicida" (0.9)
- "quem" (0.8)
- "a primeira força policial" (0.7) – but I'm not sure if this is necessary. 

But looking back at the example, they included "a aeronave" and "a aeronave" again. So maybe even if it's a generic term, it's considered. However, "a primeira força policial" is a specific noun phrase, but it's a descriptor. 

Alternatively, maybe "a primeira força policial" is not a participant, but a descriptor of GNR. 

This is a bit ambiguous, but given the example, I think the safest approach is to include all noun phrases that refer to entities, even if they are descriptors. 

So, the entities would be:

1. "A GNR" – 0.95
2. "a primeira força policial" – 0.8
3. "alegado homicida" – 0.9
4. "quem" – 0.8
5. "violência doméstica" – but this is a concept, not an entity. The example didn't include concepts, only entities. So maybe not. 

But the example included "a aeronave" which is a generic term. So "violência doméstica" might not be considered a participant. 

So, the final list would be:

["A GNR", 0.95], ["a primeira força policial", 0.8], ["alegado homicida", 0.9], ["quem", 0.8]

But I need to check if "a primeira força policial" is a participant. Since it's a noun phrase, and the example included "a aeronave", which is a generic term, maybe it's considered. However, "a primeira força policial" is a specific description, but it's not a named entity. 

Alternatively, maybe the user wants only named entities and proper nouns. In that case, "A GNR" is the only one. But the example included "a aeronave" which is a common noun. 

This is confusing. Given the example, I think the user wants all noun phrases that refer to participants, regardless of being named. So "a primeira força policial" would be included. 

But I'm not entirely sure. However, to match the example, I'll proceed with including all noun phrases that refer to entities. So the final answer would be the list I mentioned.
</think>

[["A GNR", 0.95], ["a primeira força policial", 0.8], ["alegado homicida", 0.9], ["quem", 0.8]]