<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Um homem de 33 anos ficou em prisão preventiva por agredir física e psicologicamente a mãe, de 57, em Valongo, mesmo depois de estar proibido de contactar e estar perto dela, disse hoje a GNR do Porto."

Breaking it down, the main event is a man being placed in preventive detention for physically and psychologically abusing his mother. The location is Valongo. The GNR do Porto (Guarda Nacional Republicana from Porto) is mentioned as the source of the statement.

Participants here would include:

1. "Um homem de 33 anos" – the individual who committed the abuse. Definitely a participant.
2. "a mãe, de 57" – the victim, so she's a participant.
3. "Valongo" – the location where the abuse occurred, so it's an entity involved.
4. "a GNR do Porto" – the organization that made the statement, so they're involved as a source.

Now, checking for any other mentions. The text says "mesmo depois de estar proibido de contactar e estar perto dela" – this refers to the man being prohibited from contacting his mother, but the prohibition itself isn't an entity. The age of the mother is given as 57, but that's part of her description, so she's still "a mãe" as the entity.

Are there any other entities? The GNR do Porto is mentioned as the source, so that's another participant. The ages (33 and 57) are attributes of the individuals, not separate entities. The location Valongo is a place, so it's included. 

I need to make sure not to include things like "hoje" (today) or "por agredir" (for attacking) as they are not entities. Also, "a GNR do Porto" is a specific organization, so that's a participant. 

Confidence scores: The man and his mother are clearly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). Valongo as a location is certain (0.9). The GNR do Porto is explicitly mentioned as the source, so high confidence (0.9). 

Wait, the example output included "a mesma fonte" which was a reference back to the police. In this case, "a GNR do Porto" is the source, so that's a participant. The user's example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. Here, "a GNR do Porto" is the source, so that's one entry. 

So the final list should be:

- "Um homem de 33 anos" (0.95)
- "a mãe, de 57" (0.95)
- "Valongo" (0.9)
- "a GNR do Porto" (0.9)

I think that's all. Let me double-check the input again to make sure I didn't miss any other entities. The sentence structure doesn't mention any other organizations or individuals. The ages are part of the individuals' descriptions, so they are included in the entity names. The location is Valongo. The GNR is the organization. That's all.
</think>

[["Um homem de 33 anos", 0.95], ["a mãe, de 57", 0.95], ["Valongo", 0.9], ["a GNR do Porto", 0.9]]