<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Tribunal de Guimarães condena homem a quatro anos e meio de prisão por violação". The participants to classify are "Tribunal de Guimarães" and "homem".

First, I need to determine the classes for each. The classes available are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "Tribunal de Guimarães". A tribunal is a court, which is a type of organization or facility. But in the example provided earlier, "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was classified as a Facility. However, "Tribunal" might be considered an Organization since it's a judicial body. Wait, in the example, "aeroporto" was classified as "Fac" (Facility), so maybe "Tribunal" would be similar. But I need to check if "Tribunal" is more of an organization or a facility. In Portuguese, "Tribunal" refers to a court, which is an institution, so it's an Organization. But sometimes, courts are considered facilities. Hmm. The example had "aeroporto" as "Fac", so maybe "Tribunal" is also "Fac". Wait, but in the example, "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was "Fac", but "aeroporto" (without the name) was "Fac" as well. So maybe "Tribunal de Guimarães" is a specific facility, but the general term "Tribunal" might be an organization. Wait, but the example had "aeroporto" as "Fac" even when it was a specific name. So maybe "Tribunal de Guimarães" is a Facility. Alternatively, maybe "Tribunal" is an Organization. I need to check the example again. In the example, "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was "Fac", and "aeroporto" (without the name) was "Fac". So "Tribunal de Guimarães" would be a specific facility, so "Fac". But maybe "Tribunal" is an organization. Wait, the example also had "companhia aérea Jota Aviation" as "Org". So "Tribunal" is an organization. But I'm confused. Let me think again. The user's example classified "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as "Fac" (Facility), which makes sense because it's a building. "Tribunal" is a court, which is an institution, so it's an Organization. So "Tribunal de Guimarães" would be an Organization. But maybe the user's example had "aeroporto" as "Fac" even when it was a specific name. So perhaps "Tribunal de Guimarães" is a Facility. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "Tribunal" is an Organization. I think I need to go with the example's approach. In the example, "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was "Fac", and "aeroporto" was "Fac". So "Tribunal de Guimarães" would be a specific facility, so "Fac". But I'm not entirely sure. Alternatively, "Tribunal" is an Organization. Maybe the answer is "Org" for "Tribunal de Guimarães".

Next, "homem" (man). That's a person, so "Per".

So the classifications would be:

["Tribunal de Guimarães", "Org"], ["homem", "Per"]

But I'm not 100% sure about the "Tribunal" classification. Let me check the example again. In the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was classified as "Org", which makes sense. So "Tribunal de Guimarães" is an organization, so "Org". Therefore, the answer should be:

[["Tribunal de Guimarães", "Org"], ["homem", "Per"]]
</think>

<Output>[["Tribunal de Guimarães", "Org"], ["homem", "Per"]]</Output>