<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence in Portuguese about a court in Guimarães convicting a man for violating his friend who allowed him to stay overnight. The participants are "O tribunal de Guimarães", "um homem", "a amiga", "a Procuradoria Regional", and "Guimarães".

The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier shows that "aeroporto" is a Facility, "Lisboa" is a Location (Pl_capital), and "agência Lusa" is an Organization. Also, "fonte" is a Person.

Starting with "O tribunal de Guimarães": A tribunal is a court, which is a type of facility. So that's Facility. 

Next, "um homem": That's a person, so Person.

"a amiga": This refers to a friend, which is a person. So Person again.

"a Procuradoria Regional": Procuradoria is a legal term, likely an organization or government body. In the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was classified as an Organization, so this should be Organization too.

"Guimarães": This is a city in Portugal, so a location. In the example, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital, which is a type of Location. So Guimarães would be Location as well.

Wait, but in the example, "aeroporto" was Facility, and "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was also Facility. So "aeroporto" is a general term for airport (Facility), and specific names like "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" are also Facility. Similarly, "tribunal" is a court, which is a Facility. So "O tribunal de Guimarães" is a Facility.

"Guimarães" is a city, so Location. 

Let me double-check each one:

- "O tribunal de Guimarães" → Facility (court is a facility)
- "um homem" → Person
- "a amiga" → Person
- "a Procuradoria Regional" → Organization
- "Guimarães" → Location

I think that's correct. The Procuradoria Regional is an organization, as it's a regional prosecution office. The other terms are straightforward.
</think>

[["O tribunal de Guimarães", "Fac"], ["um homem", "Per"], ["a amiga", "Per"], ["a Procuradoria Regional", "Org"], ["Guimarães", "Pl_city"]]