<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify the participants "tribunal" and "o arguido" into the given classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

First, looking at "tribunal". In Portuguese, "tribunal" translates to "court" in English. Courts are typically considered facilities because they are physical places where legal proceedings occur. However, sometimes "tribunal" can refer to the institution itself, which might be an organization. But in the context of the sentence, it's more likely referring to the court as a place. Wait, but in legal terms, a tribunal is an organization or institution. Hmm, the example given earlier had "aeroporto" classified as "Fac" (Facility). So maybe "tribunal" here is a facility. But I need to check the classes again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "Facility" would be a building or structure, like an airport. A tribunal could be both an organization and a facility. But in the example, "aeroporto" was "Fac", so maybe "tribunal" here is also a Facility. Wait, but in the example, "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was classified as "Fac", which makes sense as a specific airport facility. However, "tribunal" is a general term. But in the input, it's "O tribunal", which is the court as an institution. Wait, but in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was classified as "Org". So maybe "tribunal" here is an Organization. But I'm a bit confused. Let me think again. If the tribunal is the institution, then it's an Organization. If it's the physical building, then it's a Facility. The sentence says "O tribunal exclui a hipótese..." which is "The court excludes the possibility..." So it's referring to the court as an institution, which would be an Organization. But I'm not 100% sure. Alternatively, maybe in this context, it's considered a Facility. But in the example, "aeroporto" was "Fac", so maybe "tribunal" is also "Fac". Wait, but "aeroporto" is a specific facility, like a building. "Tribunal" could be the institution. Hmm. Maybe I should check the example again. In the example, "aeroporto" was "Fac", "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was "Fac", "Lisboa" was "Pl_capital", which is a location. So "tribunal" might be an Organization. But I'm not certain. Let me check the other participant: "o arguido". "Arguido" is the accused person in a legal case. So that's clearly a Person. So "o arguido" is "Per". Now back to "tribunal". If I'm unsure between Organization and Facility, but in the example, "aeroporto" was "Fac", which is a facility. But "tribunal" as an institution would be an Organization. However, in Portuguese, "tribunal" can sometimes be used as the institution, so maybe "Org". Alternatively, if it's the physical court building, then "Fac". But the sentence doesn't specify. Since the example had "aeroporto" as "Fac", maybe "tribunal" here is also "Fac". But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "tribunal" is an Organization. Let me think again. The classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "Facility" is a building or structure. "Organization" is a company, institution, etc. So if the tribunal is the institution, it's an Organization. If it's the building, it's a Facility. The sentence says "O tribunal exclui a hipótese...", which is the court (as an institution) making a decision. So it's more likely an Organization. Therefore, "tribunal" should be "Org". But I'm not 100% sure. Alternatively, maybe "Fac" if it's the physical place. But without more context, it's safer to go with "Org" since it's the institution. So the classifications would be: "tribunal" as "Org" and "o arguido" as "Per".
</think>

[["tribunal", "Org"], ["o arguido", "Per"]]