<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. 

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Um homem de 75 anos foi hoje encontrado morto, em casa, com marcas de ter sido amarrado nos pés e nas mãos, na localidade de Fervença, freguesia de Maiorga, no concelho de Alcobaça, informou a GNR."

Breaking it down, the main event is a man found dead at home with binding marks. The locations mentioned are Fervença, Maiorga, Alcobaça. The GNR (Guarda Nacional Republicana) is the one informing about the incident.

Participants would include the man (the victim), the GNR (the reporting entity), and the locations (Fervença, Maiorga, Alcobaça). Wait, but the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The locations are places where the event happened, so maybe they are considered participants? The example included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants, so I think locations are included here.

Looking at the example output, they included "aeroporto", "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", "Lisboa", etc. So even if it's a location, it's considered a participant. So in this case, Fervença, Maiorga, Alcobaça should be included. Also, the GNR is an organization involved, so that's a participant. The man is the victim, so he's a participant. 

Now, checking for any other entities. The text mentions "a GNR" which is the entity providing the information. The man is explicitly mentioned. The locations are part of the context. 

I need to make sure not to miss any. The age (75 anos) is part of the description of the man, so the entity is "Um homem de 75 anos" or just "o homem"? The example had "Um avião" and "o avião" as separate entries, so maybe both forms are considered. But in the output, they included "Um avião", "o motor", etc. So in this case, "Um homem de 75 anos" and "o homem" (if mentioned again) would be separate. However, in the input, the man is only mentioned once as "Um homem de 75 anos", so that's one entry. 

The locations: "na localidade de Fervença, freguesia de Maiorga, no concelho de Alcobaça". So Fervença, Maiorga, Alcobaça are all participants. Also, "a GNR" is the organization. 

Wait, in the example, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. Here, the source is "a GNR", so that's one entry. 

So compiling the list:

- "Um homem de 75 anos" (the victim)
- "Fervença" (location)
- "Maiorga" (freguesia)
- "Alcobaça" (concelho)
- "a GNR" (organization)

Confidence scores: The man is clearly the victim, so high confidence (0.95). The locations are explicitly mentioned, so 0.9 each. The GNR is the reporting entity, so 0.95. 

Wait, but in the example, they included "os aeroportos" and "Farnborough", "Inglaterra", etc. So even if it's a general term like "os aeroportos", they included it. Here, "Fervença", "Maiorga", "Alcobaça" are specific places, so they should be included. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. The input doesn't mention any other entities. The man is the only individual, the GNR is the organization, and the three locations. So the final list should be these four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Um homem de 75 anos", 0.95], ["Fervença", 0.9], ["Maiorga", 0.9], ["Alcobaça", 0.9], ["a GNR", 0.95]]