<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is about a man's body being transported to the Forensic Medicine Service in Leiria for an autopsy, and the Judicial Police are investigating the death.

The participants to classify are: "o corpo do homem", "serviço de Medicina Legal de Leiria", "Leiria", and "Polícia Judiciária".

Starting with "o corpo do homem". The body is a tangible object, so it should be classified as Obj. But wait, the body is part of a human, so maybe Per? Wait, the definition says Per is for human individuals or divine entities. The body here is the corpse, which is a human, but since it's the body, not the person themselves, maybe it's Obj. Hmm, but in the example given, "O cao" is Nat because it's an animal. The body of a man would be a human, but since it's a corpse, maybe it's still considered Per? Or is it Obj? The example for Obj includes "a cadeira" (chair), which is a manmade object. The body is not manmade, but it's a part of a human. Wait, the definition for Per says "human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities". The body here is the physical remains of a human, so maybe it's Per? But the example for Obj includes "a cadeira", which is a manmade object. The body is not manmade, but it's a human. However, in the example given, "O cao" is Nat (animal), so maybe the body would be Per? But the body is not alive. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. Maybe the body is considered Per because it's a human, even if it's a corpse. Alternatively, since it's a physical object, maybe Obj. I need to check the examples again. The example for Obj is "a cadeira" (chair), which is a manmade object. The body is not manmade, so perhaps it's not Obj. But the example for Nat is "O cao" (the dog), which is an animal. The body is a human, so maybe it's Per. But the body is not a living person. Wait, the definition says Per includes human individuals. If the body is the corpse, is it considered a human individual? Maybe not, because it's not alive. So perhaps it's Obj? Or maybe it's considered Per because it's the remains of a person. I'm a bit confused here. Let me think again. The example for Obj includes "a cadeira" (chair), which is a manmade object. The body is not manmade, but it's a human. The example for Nat is "O cao" (dog), which is an animal. The body is a human, so maybe it's Per. But the body is not a living person. Maybe the classification here is Per, but I'm not entirely sure. Alternatively, since it's a physical object, maybe Obj. I'll go with Per for now, but I'm not 100% confident.

Next, "serviço de Medicina Legal de Leiria". This is a service, which is an organization. So Org. The example given for Org is "A EDP" (a company), so this service would be Org. Confidence is high here.

"Leiria" is a city, which is a Pl_civil. The example for Pl_civil includes "Lisboa" (Lisbon) as a capital, but wait, in the previous example, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital. Wait, in the first example, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital. But here, Leiria is a city in Portugal. Wait, the definition for Pl_civil says "a political region or administrative area, usually sub-national". Leiria is a city, which is a sub-national administrative area. So Pl_civil. But wait, in the first example, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital. So if Leiria is a city, but not the capital, then it's Pl_civil. However, in Portugal, Leiria is a city and a municipality, so it's a Pl_civil. So that's correct.

"Polícia Judiciária" is the Judicial Police, which is an organization. So Org. The example given for Org includes "a Polícia de Segurança Pública", which is similar. So this should be Org.

Now, checking the confidence levels. For "o corpo do homem", I'm a bit uncertain between Per and Obj. If I think of the body as the remains of a human, maybe it's Per. But in the example, "O cao" is Nat (animal), so the body of a human would be Per. However, if the body is considered an object, then Obj. But the example for Obj is "a cadeira", which is a manmade object. The body is not manmade, so maybe it's not Obj. Therefore, Per might be the right class here. But I'm not 100% sure. Maybe 0.7 confidence.

So the final classifications would be:

["o corpo do homem", "Per", 0.7], ["serviço de Medicina Legal de Leiria", "Org", 0.9], ["Leiria", "Pl_civil", 0.9], ["Polícia Judiciária", "Org", 0.9].
</think>

[["o corpo do homem", "Per", 0.7], ["serviço de Medicina Legal de Leiria", "Org", 0.9], ["Leiria", "Pl_civil", 0.9], ["Polícia Judiciária", "Org", 0.9]]