<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, which seems a bit odd, but maybe they're considering parts of phrases as entities.

Looking at the input: "The latest seizure happened on Saturday when authorities discovered a vessel with 600 kilograms of crab."

First, I need to identify all entities here. The main event is a seizure. The participants would be the authorities who discovered the vessel, the vessel itself, the crab, and maybe the authorities as an organization. 

"Authorities" is a group, so that's a participant. The vessel is an object involved. The crab is the item seized. The quantity "600 kilograms" might be part of the description but not an entity. "Saturday" is a time, not an entity. "Discovered" is an action, not an entity. 

Wait, the example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant. In this case, "authorities" is a general term, but maybe it's considered a participant. However, if the text doesn't specify which authorities, like a specific department, then maybe it's not as clear. But the example included "a Public Security Police" as a participant, so maybe even general terms like "authorities" are acceptable here.

So, possible participants: "authorities", "vessel", "crab", "600 kilograms of crab". Wait, but the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities. So maybe parts of the sentence that refer to objects or things involved are considered participants. 

But "600 kilograms of crab" is a quantity and item. Should that be split into "600 kilograms" and "crab"? The example included "600 kilograms of crab" as a single entity? Wait, looking back at the example output, the user's example had "a stopped engine" as a participant. So maybe phrases that describe the object are included as entities. 

In the input, "a vessel with 600 kilograms of crab" – the vessel is an entity, and the crab with the quantity might be considered as part of the vessel's cargo. But the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entities. So maybe "vessel" and "crab" are the main entities here. 

Wait, the example output had "the aircraft", "the plane", etc., which are different mentions of the same entity. So in this case, "vessel" is the entity. "600 kilograms of crab" might be considered as the cargo, but the example didn't include quantities. However, the example included "600 kilograms of crab" as a participant? Wait, no, looking back, the example input was about a plane landing, and the output included "engine", "a stopped engine", etc. The user's example output included "a stopped engine" as a participant. So in this case, the vessel and the crab are the participants. 

But the example also included "Lisbon", "Farnborough", "England" as locations. So in this input, "Saturday" is a time, not a participant. "Authorities" is a group, "vessel" is an object, "crab" is the item. 

So the entities would be: "authorities", "vessel", "crab". But the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In this case, "authorities" is a participant. 

Wait, but the example output had "a Public Security Police" as a participant. In the input here, "authorities" is a general term. If the text had specified which authorities, like "Customs and Border Protection", that would be an entity. But since it's just "authorities", maybe it's considered a participant. 

So the answer would be: ["authorities", "vessel", "crab"]. But the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entities. So maybe "600 kilograms of crab" is considered as a participant. But that's a quantity and item. However, the example included "engine" as a participant, which is a noun. So "crab" is a noun, so it's a participant. 

But the example also included "the airports" as a participant. In this input, "vessel" is the object, and "crab" is the item. So the answer would be:

["authorities", "vessel", "crab"]

But the example included "source" as a participant. In this case, the authorities are the ones who discovered the vessel, so they are the participants. 

Wait, but the example output had "a Public Security Police" as a participant. So in this case, "authorities" is a participant. 

So the JSON would be:

[["authorities", 0.9], ["vessel", 0.8], ["crab", 0.7]]

But the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entities. However, in this case, "crab" is a single entity. 

Wait, but the input says "a vessel with 600 kilograms of crab." So the vessel is the entity, and the crab is the cargo. So both are participants. 

I think that's it. The confidence scores are estimates. "authorities" is a high confidence, "vessel" is high, "crab" is medium. Maybe "600 kilograms of crab" is a specific quantity, but the example didn't include numbers. So perhaps just the nouns. 

So the final answer would be the three entities with confidence scores.
</think>

[["authorities", 0.9], ["vessel", 0.8], ["crab", 0.7]]