<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like individuals, groups, organizations, or even objects involved in the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "The vessel was confiscated and the crabs, hidden in boxes, were later returned to their natural habitat, in the Maria River mangrove, on the outskirts of the provincial capital of Sofala."

Breaking it down, the main events are the confiscation of a vessel and the return of crabs to their habitat. Let's identify the participants here.

Starting with "The vessel" – that's a participant, probably the subject of the confiscation. Then "the crabs" are another participant since they are being returned. The boxes are mentioned as hiding the crabs, so maybe they are part of the action, but are they a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The boxes are used to hide the crabs, so they might be considered as part of the process, but maybe not a main participant. However, the example included "boxes" in the output, so perhaps they are included here too.

Next, "Maria River mangrove" is a location where the crabs are returned. Locations can be participants if they are impacted. The provincial capital of Sofala is another location. The phrase "on the outskirts of the provincial capital of Sofala" refers to the location of the mangrove. So "Sofala" as the provincial capital and "Maria River mangrove" as the habitat.

Wait, the example output included "the airports" and "Farnborough, England" as participants. So locations are included. So here, "Maria River mangrove" and "Sofala" would be participants. Also, "the provincial capital of Sofala" – but maybe "Sofala" is the main entity here.

Now, checking for any organizations or groups. The text doesn't mention any specific organizations, just the actions taken. The vessel was confiscated, but by whom? The text doesn't specify the authority that confiscated it, so maybe that's not mentioned. Similarly, the return of crabs – who did that? The text doesn't say, so maybe the participants are the vessel, crabs, boxes, Maria River mangrove, and Sofala.

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In the current input, there's no mention of sources or people, so maybe those aren't present here. The example also included "Lusa." which is a news agency, but in this case, there's no such entity.

So compiling the list:

- The vessel
- the crabs
- boxes
- Maria River mangrove
- provincial capital of Sofala
- Sofala (since it's the provincial capital, maybe "Sofala" is the entity)
- the natural habitat (but that's a description of the mangrove, so maybe not a separate entity)
- the outskirts (but that's part of the location description)

Wait, the example included "the airports" as a participant. So in this case, "Maria River mangrove" would be a participant. Also, "Sofala" as the provincial capital. But the phrase "provincial capital of Sofala" – the main entity here is "Sofala," which is the capital. So "Sofala" is a participant.

So the list would be:

["The vessel", "the crabs", "boxes", "Maria River mangrove", "Sofala"]

But need to check confidence. The vessel is definitely a participant, confidence high. The crabs are the ones being returned, so high confidence. Boxes are part of the hiding, maybe medium confidence. Maria River mangrove is the location where they were returned, so high confidence. Sofala as the provincial capital is a location, high confidence.

Wait, the example included "the airports" as a participant. In the input, "the airports of Farnborough, England, and Lisbon" were included. So in this case, "Maria River mangrove" is a specific location, so it's a participant. "Sofala" is the provincial capital, so it's a participant.

So the final list with confidence scores:

["The vessel", 0.95], ["the crabs", 0.95], ["boxes", 0.7], ["Maria River mangrove", 0.9], ["Sofala", 0.9]

But wait, the example included "the airports" as a participant. Here, "Maria River mangrove" is similar. Also, "the provincial capital of Sofala" – but maybe "Sofala" is the main entity. The user might expect "provincial capital of Sofala" as a participant, but that's a bit more complex. However, in the example, "Humberto Delgado Airport" was included as a participant. So "Maria River mangrove" is a specific place, so it's included. "Sofala" is the provincial capital, so it's a participant.

I think that's all. Let me check again for any other entities. The text doesn't mention any organizations or people, just the vessel, crabs, boxes, locations. So that's the list.
</think>

[["The vessel", 0.95], ["the crabs", 0.95], ["boxes", 0.7], ["Maria River mangrove", 0.9], ["Sofala", 0.9]]