<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "As part of this investigation, the military found that the man, to whom coercive measures of removal and prohibition of contact with his mother had already been applied due to ill-treatment, continued to physically and psychologically attack her, repeatedly, forcing her providing food and cleaning the place where he lived, he highlighted."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are the military, the man, his mother, and possibly the coercive measures. Let's go step by step.

The military is mentioned first as part of the investigation. They are an organization involved in the situation. So "the military" is a participant. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "the man" is clearly an individual involved. The text talks about coercive measures applied to him and his actions towards his mother. So "the man" is a participant with high confidence, say 0.95.

Then, "his mother" is another individual. She's the victim of the man's attacks. Definitely a participant. Confidence around 0.95.

The coercive measures are mentioned as "coercive measures of removal and prohibition of contact with his mother." These are actions taken against the man, so they are part of the situation. But are they a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The measures themselves are actions, not entities. Maybe not a participant. So I might exclude that.

"ill-treatment" is a reason given, but it's a condition, not an entity. Not a participant.

"physically and psychologically attack her" – the attacks are actions, not entities. The man is the one doing the attacking, so he's already listed.

"forcing her providing food and cleaning the place where he lived" – again, actions. The mother is being forced, but she's already listed as a participant.

"he highlighted" – "he" refers back to the military, perhaps. But in the original text, the sentence is a bit unclear. The structure is "he highlighted" at the end. If "he" refers to the military, then "he" could be a participant. But the military is an organization, not an individual. However, the pronoun "he" might be ambiguous. Alternatively, maybe "he" refers to someone else, but the text doesn't mention another male individual. This is a bit tricky. If "he" is the military, but the military is an organization, not a person. So maybe "he" is not a participant here. Alternatively, maybe it's a mistake in the text, but I should stick to what's there. Since the military is mentioned earlier, and the sentence ends with "he highlighted," it's possible that "he" is the military, but that's not a person. So maybe "he" is not a participant. Alternatively, maybe it's a typo or error, but I'll have to make a judgment. Since the military is an organization, and "he" is a pronoun, perhaps it's not a participant. So I'll exclude "he."

Now, checking the example given in the task. The example output includes entities like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., even if they are parts of things. So maybe "coercive measures" could be considered as a participant, but they are actions, not entities. The example includes "to engine" and "a stopped engine," which are parts of the plane. So maybe parts of entities are included. But in this case, "coercive measures" are not a physical entity but a legal action. So perhaps not.

So the participants are: the military, the man, his mother. Let me check again.

Wait, the coercive measures were applied to the man. So the measures are actions taken by the military. The military is the organization that applied them. The man is the subject of those measures. The mother is the one being protected, and the victim of the man's attacks. So the participants are the military, the man, his mother. The coercive measures are not participants, just actions. The ill-treatment is a reason, not an entity. The actions of attacking and forcing are actions, not entities. So the three entities are the military, the man, and his mother.

Now, confidence scores. The military is clearly mentioned, so 0.95. The man is directly mentioned, 0.95. His mother is also directly mentioned, 0.95. Are there any other entities? The text mentions "the place where he lived," but that's a location, not an entity. Unless "the place" is considered, but the example includes "airport" as a participant. However, in the example, "airport" is part of the location. In this case, "the place where he lived" is a location, but it's not explicitly named. So maybe not. The example includes "Lisbon" as a participant, which is a location. But here, the place isn't named, so it's not a specific entity. So I think only the three entities are correct.

Wait, the example output includes "Lisbon" as a participant. So even if it's a location, it's included. So in this case, "the place where he lived" is a location, but since it's not named, maybe it's not included. Unless the user considers "the place" as a participant. But the example includes "airport" as a participant, which is a specific location. Here, the place isn't specified, so maybe not. So I'll stick with the three entities.

Another thing: the example includes "source" and "the same source" as participants. In the current input, "he highlighted" might refer to a source, but the text doesn't mention a source explicitly. The original example had "Lusa." and "a Public Security Police" as participants. In this case, the text doesn't mention a source, so "he" might not be a participant. So I think the three entities are correct.

So the final list would be:

["the military", 0.95], ["the man", 0.95], ["his mother", 0.95]

Wait, but the example includes "the same source" as a participant. In this case, the text ends with "he highlighted," which might be a source, but the text doesn't mention a source. So unless "he" is a source, but that's unclear. Since the user's example includes "source" as a participant, maybe "he" is a source. However, without explicit mention, it's ambiguous. The user's example includes "source" as a participant even though it's not a named entity. But in this case, "he" is a pronoun, so it's unclear. To be safe, maybe include "he" with a lower confidence. However, the example doesn't have pronouns as participants. The example includes "a Public Security Police" and "source," which are named. So "he" might not be a participant here. Therefore, I'll exclude it.

So the final answer is the three entities with high confidence.
</think>

[["the military", 0.95], ["the man", 0.95], ["his mother", 0.95]]