<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" or "a stopped engine" are considered entities, so I need to be thorough.

Looking at the input: "According to the source, the victim was between 60 and 65 years old and was working on the roof."

First, I need to identify all entities. The main participants here are the victim and the source. The victim is explicitly mentioned, so that's a clear entity. The source is also mentioned, though it's a bit vague—it just says "the source," but in the example, they included "source" as an entity with confidence. 

Next, the age range "between 60 and 65 years old" is a descriptor of the victim, but not an entity itself. The phrase "working on the roof" is an action, not an entity. So those parts probably don't count as participants. 

Wait, the example included "the same source" as an entity. In the input, it's "the source," which is similar. So I should include "the source" as an entity. Also, in the example, even parts like "a Public Security Police" were included. Here, "the source" is a singular entity. 

Are there any other entities? The victim is the main participant. The roof is part of the location where the action happened, but the example didn't include "roof" as an entity. The age is a descriptor, not an entity. 

So the entities here are "the victim" and "the source." Let me check the example again. The example output had entries like "source" and "the same source," so "the source" is acceptable. 

Confidence levels: "the victim" is definitely a participant, so maybe 0.95. "the source" is mentioned once, but since it's a common term, maybe 0.8. But the example had "source" with 0.85. Let me adjust accordingly. 

Wait, the example output for the plane had entries like "Plane", "A plane", "The aircraft", etc. So even different forms of the same entity are listed separately. Here, "the victim" is the only instance. 

So the final list should be ["the victim", 0.95], ["the source", 0.8]. That seems right. I don't see any other entities mentioned. The roof is part of the action but not an entity. The age is a characteristic, not an entity. So that's all.
</think>

[["the victim", 0.95], ["the source", 0.8]]