<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is about the GNR's Coastal Control Unit (UCC) seizing illegal fish farms in the Ria de Aveiro. The participants list includes various entities like "Unidade de Controlo Costeiro (UCC)", "GNR", "a força militar", etc.

Starting with the first participant: "Unidade de Controlo Costeiro (UCC)". This is a unit within the GNR, so it's an organization. Next, "GNR" stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is a Portuguese national police force, so that's also an Organization. 

Then "a força militar" refers to the military force, which in this context is the GNR, so that's an Organization as well. 

"ria de Aveiro" is a lagoon in Portugal, so that's a Location. 

"viveiros ilegais" are illegal fish farms, which are Objects. 

"205 quilos de crustáceos" and "20 quilos de enguia-europeia" are quantities of animals, so they are Objects. 

"2.765 euros" is a monetary value, which is an Object. 

"aquela força militar" is a reference back to the GNR, so again an Organization. 

Wait, but the example had "Lisboa" classified as Pl_capital, which is a type of Location. However, in the classes provided, the options are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe "ria de Aveiro" is a Location. 

Also, "viveiros ilegais" are facilities or objects? Since they are fish farms, which are structures, maybe Facility? But the example classified "aeroporto" as Facility. However, "viveiros" might be more like Objects. Hmm. The example had "aeroporto" as Facility, so maybe "viveiros ilegais" are Facilities. But I need to check the classes again. The classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "viveiros" are facilities (places where fish are raised), so Facility. But the example had "aeroporto" as Facility. So maybe "viveiros ilegais" should be Facility. But the example had "os aeroportos" as Facility. So perhaps "viveiros" are Facilities. However, the user might have different interpretations. Alternatively, if the fish farms are considered as objects (the things being seized), then Object. But the example had "a aeronave" as Object. So maybe "viveiros ilegais" are Objects. Hmm, this is a bit ambiguous. 

Wait, the example had "a aeronave" as Object, which is a plane, so an object. Similarly, "viveiros ilegais" are structures, so maybe Facilities. But the example had "aeroporto" as Facility. So maybe "viveiros ilegais" are Facilities. However, the user might have different criteria. Alternatively, if the fish farms are considered as objects (the things being seized), then Object. But the example had "205 quilos de crustáceos" as Object. So maybe "viveiros ilegais" are Objects. But I'm not sure. Maybe the user considers "viveiros" as Facilities. 

Another point: "2.765 euros" is a monetary value, which is an Object. 

So, compiling all this, the classifications would be:

- Unidade de Controlo Costeiro (UCC): Organization
- GNR: Organization
- a força militar: Organization (since it refers to GNR)
- ria de Aveiro: Location
- viveiros ilegais: Facility (if considered as structures) or Object (if considered as items being seized)
- 205 quilos de crustáceos: Object
- 20 quilos de enguia-europeia: Object
- 2.765 euros: Object
- aquela força militar: Organization

But I need to check the example again. In the example, "a aeronave" was classified as Object, "aeroporto" as Facility. So "viveiros ilegais" are structures, so Facility. But the example had "os aeroportos" as Facility. So maybe "viveiros ilegais" are Facilities. However, if the user considers "viveiros" as objects (the fish farms themselves as objects), then Object. But I think in the context of being seized, they are considered as facilities. Alternatively, maybe "viveiros" are objects. This is a bit tricky. 

Alternatively, maybe the user considers "viveiros ilegais" as Objects because they are the items being seized, similar to the "aeronave" in the example. But "aeronave" is a plane, which is an object. So "viveiros ilegais" are structures, so Facilities. 

I think I'll go with Facility for "viveiros ilegais" and Object for the quantities of crustaceans and eels. The monetary value is an Object. 

So the final classifications would be:

[
  ["Unidade de Controlo Costeiro (UCC)", "Org"],
  ["GNR", "Org"],
  ["a força militar", "Org"],
  ["ria de Aveiro", "Loc"],
  ["viveiros ilegais", "Fac"],
  ["205 quilos de crustáceos", "Obj"],
  ["20 quilos de enguia-europeia", "Obj"],
  ["2.765 euros", "Obj"],
  ["aquela força militar", "Org"]
]
</think>

[["Unidade de Controlo Costeiro (UCC)", "Org"], ["GNR", "Org"], ["a força militar", "Org"], ["ria de Aveiro", "Loc"], ["viveiros ilegais", "Fac"], ["205 quilos de crustáceos", "Obj"], ["20 quilos de enguia-europeia", "Obj"], ["2.765 euros", "Obj"], ["aquela força militar", "Org"]]