<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify the participants "a GNR" and "os viveiros" into the given classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

First, looking at "a GNR". GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is the National Republican Guard in Portugal. That's a law enforcement agency, so it's definitely an organization. So "a GNR" should be classified as "Org".

Next, "os viveiros". Viveiros translates to nurseries or fish farms, depending on context. In this sentence, they were seized during a patrol, so it's likely referring to fish farms. These are physical places where fish are raised, so they would be considered a facility or an object. However, since they are a place of activity, maybe "Facility" is more appropriate. But wait, the classes include "Object" as well. Hmm. If they are structures or installations, "Facility" makes sense. But if they are just the fish themselves, maybe "Object". However, the context says they were seized, which implies they are physical entities, possibly facilities. But I'm not 100% sure. Let me think again. In the example given earlier, "aeroporto" was classified as "Fac", so maybe "viveiros" as a place where fish are raised would be "Facility". Alternatively, if they are considered as items (like the fish), but the term "viveiros" refers to the structures. So I think "Facility" is the right class here. Wait, but the example had "a aeronave" as "Obj" (object). So maybe "os viveiros" are objects. But I'm a bit confused. Let me check the classes again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. "Facility" is a specific class for buildings or structures. If "viveiros" are fish farms, which are structures, then "Facility". If they are just the fish, then "Object". But the term "viveiros" is more about the place where fish are raised, so it's a facility. But maybe in this context, they are considered as objects being seized. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "Object" is more general. Since the example had "o motor" as "Obj", which is a part of a machine, maybe "os viveiros" are considered as objects. But I'm not sure. Let me check the example again. In the example, "aeroporto" was "Fac", "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was "Fac", "Lisboa" was "Pl_capital", which is a location. So "viveiros" might be considered as "Object" if they are the physical structures, but maybe "Facility" if they are a type of installation. However, the classification might depend on the specific term. Since "viveiros" can be both the place and the fish, but in the context of being seized, it's more likely referring to the fish, which would be "Object". Wait, but the sentence says "os viveiros foram apreendidos" – the nurseries were seized. If they are nurseries, that's a facility. But if they are the fish inside, then "Object". But the term "viveiros" in Portuguese usually refers to the place where fish are raised, so the facility. Therefore, I think "os viveiros" should be "Facility". But I'm not entirely certain. Alternatively, maybe "Object" is the safer choice here. Hmm. I'll go with "Facility" for "os viveiros" as it's a structure or place.
</think>

[["a GNR", "Org"], ["os viveiros", "Fac"]]