<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence where I need to classify each participant into one of the given classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. The example provided earlier gives some clues, so I should follow that structure.

First, looking at the participants to classify: ["councilor of Câmara de Lobos", "Leonel Correia da Silva", "Câmara de Lobos", "Lusa agency", "house"].

Starting with "councilor of Câmara de Lobos". A councilor is a person, so this should be "Person". The "Câmara de Lobos" part is probably a location or an organization. Wait, Câmara de Lobos is a municipality in Portugal, so it's a location. But the title "councilor of" would refer to the person holding that position. So the entire phrase "councilor of Câmara de Lobos" is a person's title, so that's "Person".

Next, "Leonel Correia da Silva" is clearly a person's name, so that's "Person".

"Câmara de Lobos" itself is a place, so that's "Location".

"Lusa agency" is an organization, as Lusa is a news agency. So that's "Organization".

Lastly, "house" is an object. The sentence mentions a house that's not inhabited, so it's an object, not a location. Even though it's a building, the class here is "Object" as per the example where "airport" was classified as "Facility" but "house" might be "Object" unless it's a specific facility. Wait, in the example, "airport" was "Facility", but "house" here is a general object. So "house" would be "Object".

Let me check again. The example had "airport" as "Facility", which makes sense because airports are facilities. But a house is an object. So "house" is "Object".

So the classifications would be:

- "councilor of Câmara de Lobos" → Person
- "Leonel Correia da Silva" → Person
- "Câmara de Lobos" → Location
- "Lusa agency" → Organization
- "house" → Object

I need to make sure there are no other possible classifications. "Câmara de Lobos" is a municipality, so definitely a location. "Lusa agency" is an organization. The names are persons. The house is an object. Looks good.
</think>

[["councilor of Câmara de Lobos", "Per"], ["Leonel Correia da Silva", "Per"], ["Câmara de Lobos", "Pl_municipality"], ["Lusa agency", "Org"], ["house", "Obj"]]