<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into one of the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other.

First, let me look at the input sentence again: "O apartamento terá acolhido uma reunião familiar, mas as autoridades estão a investigar se funcionava no local um restaurante sem licença." Translating that to English for clarity: "The apartment is said to have hosted a family meeting, but the authorities are investigating whether an unlicensed restaurant was operating at the location."

Now, the participants to classify are ["O apartamento", "as autoridades", "um restaurante sem licença"].

Starting with "O apartamento". The word "apartamento" translates to "apartment," which is a type of building or structure. The class options include Facility, which is defined as a building or structure. So "O apartamento" should be classified as Facility.

Next, "as autoridades" means "the authorities." Authorities are typically government bodies or officials, which would fall under Organization. However, sometimes "authorities" can refer to people, but in this context, it's more likely referring to the official body, so Organization makes sense here.

Lastly, "um restaurante sem licença" is "an unlicensed restaurant." A restaurant is a facility, even if it's unlicensed. The lack of a license doesn't change its classification as a Facility. So this should be Facility as well.

Wait, but the example given in the initial task had "aeroporto" classified as Facility. So "apartamento" is similar to an airport in that it's a building, so Facility is correct. The restaurant is also a facility, even if it's unlicensed. So all three entities would be Facility, Organization, and Facility respectively.

Let me double-check the classes. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. "As autoridades" is an organization, so that's correct. The apartment and restaurant are both facilities. So the classifications should be:

["O apartamento", "Fac"], ["as autoridades", "Org"], ["um restaurante sem licença", "Fac"]

I think that's accurate. No other classes seem to fit here. The "Other" category is for things that don't fit into the others, but in this case, all three fit into the given classes.
</think>

[["O apartamento", "Fac"], ["as autoridades", "Org"], ["um restaurante sem licença", "Fac"]]