<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Quatro homens, em dois veículos distintos, foram hoje detidos depois de terem disparado com armas de fogo entre si na zona do Rego, em Lisboa, não havendo feridos, apenas danos em viaturas estacionadas no local, avançou fonte policial."

Breaking it down, the main event is four men being detained after shooting at each other. The participants here would be the men, the vehicles, the location (Rego, Lisboa), the police source, and maybe the vehicles again. Also, the "viaturas estacionadas" (parked vehicles) are mentioned as damaged, so they might be considered participants as they were impacted.

Looking at the example output, they included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were repeated. So I need to list each mention of an entity, even if it's the same one. For instance, "Quatro homens" and "homens" might be separate entries, but in the example, they used "Um avião" and "O avião" as separate entries. However, in the input here, "Quatro homens" is a specific number, but the example didn't use numbers in the entity names. Wait, in the example, they had "Quatro homens" as an entity? Wait, no, looking back, the example input had "Um avião" and "O avião" as separate entries. So maybe the exact wording matters. So in this case, "Quatro homens" is a specific mention, so that's one entity. Then "homens" later might be another, but in the input, the text is "Quatro homens, em dois veículos distintos, foram hoje detidos..." So "Quatro homens" is the first mention. Then later, "terem disparado com armas de fogo entre si" – the subject here is the same four men, but the text doesn't explicitly mention them again. However, the example included "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" as separate entries. So maybe each occurrence of the entity, even if it's the same, is listed. But in this case, the text doesn't mention the men again after the first sentence. So maybe just "Quatro homens" and "homens" if they are mentioned again. Wait, the input here only mentions "Quatro homens" once. Then "em dois veículos distintos" – the vehicles. Then "fonte policial" is mentioned. Also, "zona do Rego, em Lisboa" – so Rego and Lisboa as locations. "viaturas estacionadas no local" – the parked vehicles. 

So possible entities:

- "Quatro homens" (confidence high, maybe 0.9)
- "dois veículos distintos" (confidence maybe 0.8)
- "veículos" (if mentioned again, but in the input, it's "viaturas estacionadas", which is a different term. So maybe "viaturas estacionadas" as a separate entity, but the example included "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" as separate entries. Wait, in the example, "a aeronave" and "A aeronave" are both present. So in this case, "veículos distintos" and "viaturas estacionadas" are different terms, so they should be separate entities. 

Then "zona do Rego" (confidence maybe 0.8), "Lisboa" (0.9), "fonte policial" (0.8). 

Also, the "armas de fogo" – weapons. Are they considered participants? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The weapons are used by the men, but are they considered participants? The example included "o motor" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe the weapons are considered as participants here. But the example didn't include "armas de fogo" in their output. Wait, looking back at the example input, they had "falha no motor" and "um motor", so the motor was a participant. In this case, the weapons are used, so maybe they are participants. However, the example didn't include "armas de fogo" in their output. Wait, the example input was about a plane landing due to engine failure. The output included "o motor", "um motor", etc. So in that case, the engine was a participant. Here, the weapons are used, so maybe they are participants. But the example didn't include "armas de fogo" in their output. Wait, the example output for the plane had "o motor", "um motor", etc. So maybe in this case, the weapons are considered as participants. However, the user's example output didn't include "armas de fogo" in their output. Wait, the example input was about a plane, and the output included entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc. So maybe in this case, the weapons are not considered participants unless they are explicitly mentioned as entities. But in the input, "armas de fogo" is mentioned, so perhaps they are participants. However, the example output didn't include "armas de fogo" in their output. Wait, looking back, the example input was:

"Avião aterra de emergência no aeroporto de Lisboa devido a falha no motor..."

The output included "o motor", "um motor", etc. So the motor is a participant. In the current input, the weapons are used, so they might be considered as participants. However, the example didn't include "armas de fogo" in their output. Wait, the example output for the plane included "o motor", "um motor", etc. So maybe the weapons here are considered as participants. But the user's example didn't include "armas de fogo" in their output. Wait, the example output for the plane had "o motor", "um motor", etc. So maybe in this case, the "armas de fogo" are considered as participants. But the user's example output didn't include "armas de fogo" in their output. Wait, the example input had "falha no motor", and the output included "o motor", "um motor", etc. So the motor is a participant. In this case, the "armas de fogo" are used, so they are participants. However, the example output didn't include "armas de fogo" in their output. Wait, maybe the user's example output is different. Let me check again.

The example input was:

"Avião aterra de emergência no aeroporto de Lisboa devido a falha no motor..."

The output was:

["Avião", "o motor", "Um avião", "o motor", "a aeronave", "um motor", "A aeronave", "O avião", "aeroporto", "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", "Lisboa", "os aeroportos", "Farnborough", "Inglaterra", "Lisboa", "à agência Lusa", "a Polícia de Segurança Pública", "companhia aérea Jota Aviation", "a ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", "fonte", "a mesma fonte", "Lisboa", "o ‘site’"]

So "o motor" and "um motor" are included. So in this case, the motor is considered a participant. Therefore, in the current input, "armas de fogo" would be a participant. However, in the example output, "armas de fogo" is not present. Wait, but the example input didn't mention "armas de fogo", so that's not relevant. So in this case, the current input does mention "armas de fogo", so they should be included as participants. 

But the user's example output didn't include "armas de fogo", but that's because the example input didn't have them. So in this case, I should include "armas de fogo" as a participant. 

So possible entities:

- "Quatro homens" (confidence 0.9)
- "dois veículos distintos" (0.8)
- "viaturas estacionadas" (0.7)
- "zona do Rego" (0.8)
- "Lisboa" (0.9)
- "fonte policial" (0.8)
- "armas de fogo" (0.7)

Wait, but the example output included "aeroporto" as a participant. So in this case, "zona do Rego" and "Lisboa" are locations, so they are participants. Also, "viaturas estacionadas" are the damaged vehicles, so they are impacted by the event, hence participants. 

Additionally, "fonte policial" is a participant as they provided the information. 

So compiling all these, the list would be:

["Quatro homens", 0.9], ["dois veículos distintos", 0.8], ["viaturas estacionadas", 0.7], ["zona do Rego", 0.8], ["Lisboa", 0.9], ["fonte policial", 0.8], ["armas de fogo", 0.7]

But wait, the example output included "os aeroportos" as a participant. In this case, the input mentions "zona do Rego, em Lisboa", so "zona do Rego" and "Lisboa" are separate. Also, "viaturas estacionadas" is a specific term. 

Another thing: the example output included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. In the current input, "avançou fonte policial" – so "fonte policial" is the entity. 

So the final list would be:

["Quatro homens", 0.9], ["dois veículos distintos", 0.8], ["viaturas estacionadas", 0.7], ["zona do Rego", 0.8], ["Lisboa", 0.9], ["fonte policial", 0.8], ["armas de fogo", 0.7]

But I need to check if "Quatro homens" and "homens" are separate. In the input, it's "Quatro homens" once, and then later "terem disparado com armas de fogo entre si" – the subject is the same four men, but the text doesn't explicitly mention them again. So maybe just "Quatro homens" once. 

Also, "dois veículos distintos" is mentioned once, and "viaturas estacionadas" is another term, so they are separate. 

So the JSON array would be as above.
</think>

[["Quatro homens", 0.9], ["dois veículos distintos", 0.8], ["viaturas estacionadas", 0.7], ["zona do Rego", 0.8], ["Lisboa", 0.9], ["fonte policial", 0.8], ["armas de fogo", 0.7]]