<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, or even objects involved in the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Em declarações à Lusa, fonte do Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa da PSP explicou que o incidente aconteceu por volta das 12:00."

Breaking it down, the main elements here are:

1. "Lusa" – This is a news agency, so it's an organization. The text mentions "declarações à Lusa," meaning someone gave statements to Lusa. So Lusa is a participant here.

2. "fonte do Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa da PSP" – The source is from the Metropolitan Command of Lisbon of the PSP (Polícia de Segurança Pública). The term "fonte" (source) is mentioned, and it's associated with the Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa da PSP. So both "fonte" and the full name of the command are participants. However, "fonte" is a bit vague, but since it's explicitly mentioned as a source, it's a participant. The full name of the command is an organization, so that's another participant.

3. "PSP" – The Polícia de Segurança Pública is the full name, but the acronym PSP is used here. Since the full name was mentioned earlier, but here it's just the acronym, I need to check if it's considered a separate entity. However, in the example, they included both the full name and the acronym if they appear. Wait, in the example given, "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" are both included. So here, "PSP" might be considered as an entity, but since the full name was already mentioned, maybe it's redundant. But the user's example includes both "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So perhaps even if it's the same entity mentioned again, it's considered a separate entry. However, in this case, the text says "fonte do Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa da PSP" – the source is from the command, which is part of the PSP. So the Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa da PSP is an organization, and PSP is its parent organization. But the text doesn't mention PSP separately here, just the command. So maybe only the command is the participant here, not the PSP acronym. Wait, the original text says "fonte do Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa da PSP" – the source is from the command of the PSP. So the Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa da PSP is the organization, and PSP is the parent. But the user's example included both the full name and the acronym if they appear. However, in this case, the full name is "Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa da PSP," and the acronym PSP is part of that name. So maybe the full name is the entity here, and the PSP is part of it. But the user's example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as a separate entity when the acronym wasn't used. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. Let me check the example again. In the example input, "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" is included as "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" with confidence. So in this case, the full name is included. Here, the text mentions "Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa da PSP" which is the full name, and the acronym PSP is part of that. So the entity here is "Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa da PSP" and "fonte" as the source. Also, "Lusa" is mentioned as the recipient of the statements. 

Now, the output should be a JSON list with each entity and confidence. Let's list them:

- "Lusa" – confidence high, since it's explicitly mentioned as the recipient.
- "fonte" – the source, even though it's vague, it's mentioned as a participant.
- "Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa da PSP" – the organization the source is from.
- "PSP" – but since the full name is already included, maybe not necessary. Wait, the example included "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" when the acronym wasn't used. Here, the acronym is part of the full name, so maybe the full name is the entity. The user's example included both "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So in this case, "fonte" is mentioned once, and "a mesma fonte" is another mention. But in the current input, it's just "fonte" once. So here, "fonte" is one entity. 

Wait, the input is: "fonte do Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa da PSP explicou que o incidente aconteceu por volta das 12:00." So the source is from the command. So the entities are "Lusa", "fonte", "Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa da PSP". 

But the user's example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. However, in this case, it's just "fonte" once. So maybe "fonte" is one entry. 

So the output would be:

[
  ["Lusa", 0.9],
  ["fonte", 0.8],
  ["Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa da PSP", 0.9]
]

But wait, in the example, they included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as a participant. So even if it's a specific location, it's considered a participant. Similarly, "os aeroportos" and "Farnborough" etc. So in this case, "Lusa" is an organization, "fonte" is a participant (even if it's a vague term), and the command is an organization. 

I think that's all. The time "por volta das 12:00" is not an entity, just a time. The rest are the participants. So the final answer should include those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Lusa", 0.95], ["fonte", 0.85], ["Comando Metropolitano de Lisboa da PSP", 0.9]]