<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Os quatro homens, de idade não especificada, puseram-se em fuga após os disparos, mas acabaram intercetados pelas autoridades e detidos."

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the four men who fled and were later intercepted by the authorities. The authorities are another key participant. The text mentions "os quatro homens" (the four men), "as autoridades" (the authorities), and "os disparos" (the shots). Wait, but "os disparos" might be an event rather than a participant. Let me check the definition again. Participants are those involved or impacted. The shots themselves might be an action, not an entity. So maybe "os disparos" isn't a participant here.

Looking at the example output, they included things like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were parts of the plane. So maybe in this case, "os disparos" is an event, not a participant. The participants would be the four men, the authorities, and possibly the police if they are part of the authorities. But the text says "pelas autoridades" which is "by the authorities," so "autoridades" is the entity here.

So the entities are "os quatro homens", "as autoridades", and maybe "os disparos" if considered as an event. Wait, but the example didn't include events, only entities. The example had "o motor" as a participant, which is a part of the plane. So maybe "os disparos" is an action, not an entity. Therefore, the participants are the four men and the authorities.

Wait, the example included "o motor" as a participant. So even parts of objects can be participants. But in this case, "os disparos" is an action, not an object. So maybe not. Let me check the example again. The example input had "falha no motor" and the output included "o motor" as a participant. So in that case, the motor was a part of the plane, but here, "os disparos" is an action, not an object. So perhaps "os disparos" isn't a participant here.

So the participants are "os quatro homens", "as autoridades", and maybe "os disparos" if it's considered as an event. But the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The shots are an event, not an entity. So the main participants are the four men and the authorities.

Wait, the example output included "a aeronave" and "o avião" as separate entries. So even if they refer to the same thing, they are listed separately. Similarly, here, "os quatro homens" and "os homens" (if mentioned again) would be separate. But in the input, it's only "os quatro homens" once. So the entities would be "os quatro homens", "as autoridades", and maybe "os disparos" if considered as a participant. But I think "os disparos" is an event, not an entity. So the answer should be ["os quatro homens", "as autoridades"] with confidence scores. Let me check the example again. The example output had multiple instances of the same entity, like "Avião", "Um avião", "O avião", etc. So even if they refer to the same thing, they are listed as separate entries. So in this case, "os quatro homens" and "os homens" (if present) would be separate. But in the input, it's only "os quatro homens". So the entities are "os quatro homens", "as autoridades", and maybe "os disparos" if considered. But I think "os disparos" is an event, not a participant. So the answer is the four men and the authorities. The confidence for "os quatro homens" would be high, like 0.95, and "as autoridades" 0.9. Let me make sure there's no other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any other groups or organizations. So the final list would be those two entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["os quatro homens", 0.95], ["as autoridades", 0.9]]