<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, or even objects involved in the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is a quote from a source saying there are no injuries, only damage to vehicles at the location, and mentions "vários invólucros de balas" (several bullet casings) left behind. The source is referred to as "a mesma fonte" (the same source) which was previously mentioned as "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" in the earlier text.

So, the entities here would be:

1. "a mesma fonte" – this refers back to the source mentioned earlier, which is the Polícia de Segurança Pública. But in the current input, it's just called "a mesma fonte," so should I include that as a participant? The example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. Maybe here, "a mesma fonte" is the same as the previous "fonte da Polícia..." but since it's mentioned again, it's a participant.

2. "viaturas" – vehicles damaged. These are objects involved, so they are participants.

3. "invólucros de balas" – bullet casings. These are physical items left at the scene, so they are participants.

4. "o local" – the location where the incident happened. The example included "aeroporto" and "os aeroportos" as participants, so "o local" would be similar.

Wait, but the example had "aeroporto" and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as separate entries. So here, "o local" is a participant. But the exact location isn't specified, just "o local," so that's a participant.

Also, the source is mentioned again as "a mesma fonte," which is the same as the previous "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública." But in the current input, it's just referred to as "a mesma fonte," so maybe that's a participant. However, in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were both included. So here, "a mesma fonte" would be a participant.

So compiling the list:

- "a mesma fonte" (confidence maybe 0.8)
- "viaturas" (0.7)
- "invólucros de balas" (0.7)
- "o local" (0.6)

Wait, but the example included "Lisboa" multiple times. So even if a location is mentioned, even if it's a city, it's a participant. But in this case, "o local" is more generic. However, if the actual location was specified earlier, like "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado," but in this input, it's just "o local." So "o local" is a participant here.

Also, the source is mentioned again as "a mesma fonte," which is a participant. So the output would be those four entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["a mesma fonte", 0.8], ["viaturas", 0.7], ["invólucros de balas", 0.7], ["o local", 0.6]]