<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "O caso foi entregue à Polícia Judiciária." and the participants to classify are "O caso" and "Polícia Judiciária".

First, I need to determine the classes for each entity based on the given categories. 

Starting with "O caso". The word "caso" translates to "case" in English. In legal contexts, a case can be considered an event or situation, but according to the classes provided, I need to check if it fits into any of the categories. The classes include Per (people), Org (organizations), Obj (objects), Nat (natural entities), Fac (facilities), Veh (vehicles), Path (locations), Pl_water, Pl_celestial, etc., and Loc (places not fitting other Pl_ categories), and Other. 

"O caso" here is a legal case, which is an abstract concept, not a physical object or a person. The Other category is for entities that don't fit elsewhere. However, looking at the examples, "Other" includes things like smells ("um cheiro a queimado"). Since "caso" is a legal case, which is an event or situation, maybe it's considered an abstract entity. But the classes don't have a specific category for events. The closest might be "Other" because it's not a physical object, person, organization, or place. So I'll tentatively classify "O caso" as Other with medium confidence, maybe 0.6.

Next, "Polícia Judiciária" is the Portuguese Judicial Police. This is an organization, specifically a government agency. The Org class is for organizations, companies, governments, etc. So "Polícia Judiciária" clearly fits into Org. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Wait, but the example given in the task for Org includes "A EDP" (a company). So government agencies would be Org. Yes, that makes sense. So "Polícia Judiciária" is an Org.

So the classifications would be:
["O caso", "Other", 0.6], ["Polícia Judiciária", "Org", 0.95]

I need to make sure there's no other possible category for "O caso". Let me check again. The participants are entities involved in the event. The case is the thing being handed over, so maybe it's an object? But "Obj" is for tangible, manmade objects. A legal case is abstract, not a physical object. So "Other" is more appropriate here. Therefore, the classifications seem correct.
</think>

<Output>[["O caso", "Other", 0.6], ["Polícia Judiciária", "Org", 0.95]]</Output>