<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are listed separately with their own confidence scores. 

First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred. So, I need to look for any such entities in the input text.

The input given is: "O caso foi entregue à Polícia Judiciária."

Breaking this down, the main action is "foi entregue" (was handed over) to "Polícia Judiciária" (Judicial Police). The subject here is "O caso" (The case), which is the thing being handed over. But the participants would be the entities involved in the action. 

So, "O caso" is the subject, but is it considered a participant? The definition includes entities that are involved or impacted. Since the case is being handed over, it's part of the event. However, in the example provided earlier, entities like "Avião" (airplane) and "o motor" (the motor) were included even though they might be objects rather than active participants. So maybe "O caso" is a participant here.

Then there's "à Polícia Judiciária" which is the recipient. The Judicial Police is an organization, so that's definitely a participant. 

Looking at the example output, they included "o motor" and "a aeronave" even though they were parts of the airplane. So even if the entity is a part or an object, if it's mentioned, it's included. 

In the input sentence, "O caso" is the subject, and "Polícia Judiciária" is the recipient. So both should be extracted. 

Now, checking for any other entities. The sentence is short, so there's not much else. "O caso" is mentioned once, and "Polícia Judiciária" once. 

But wait, in the example, they included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as separate entities. So even if a place is mentioned, it's considered a participant. However, in this case, the input doesn't mention any places, only the case and the police. 

So the participants here are "O caso" and "Polícia Judiciária". 

Now, confidence scores. "O caso" is directly mentioned as the subject, so confidence is high, maybe 0.9. "Polícia Judiciária" is explicitly named, so confidence is also high, maybe 0.95. 

But the example output included "fonte" (source) and "a mesma fonte" (the same source) with confidence scores. So even if the same entity is mentioned again, it's listed again. However, in this input, each entity is mentioned once. 

So the final list would be two entries: ["O caso", 0.9], ["Polícia Judiciária", 0.95]. 

Wait, but the example output had multiple instances of the same entity. For example, "Avião" and "Um avião" are both present. So even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles or pronouns, they are considered separate entries. 

In this case, "O caso" is the only mention of the case. So it's one entry. "Polícia Judiciária" is one entry. 

I think that's all. Let me make sure there's no other entity. The sentence is straightforward. No other names or organizations are mentioned. So the output should be those two entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["O caso", 0.9], ["Polícia Judiciária", 0.95]]