<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Homem armado faz vários reféns dentro de um banco na Geórgia". The participants to classify are "Homem armado", "reféns", "banco", and "Geórgia".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "Homem armado" – that translates to "armed man". Since it's a person, even though he's armed, the class should be Person. 

Next, "reféns" means "hostages". Hostages are people, so that's Person as well. 

Then "banco" is "bank". A bank is a facility, so that's Facility. 

Lastly, "Geórgia" is a country, which is a Location. But wait, the classes have Location, and there's also Pl_country in the example. However, in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital, which is a sub-type of Location. But the user's classes here are more general: Location, so maybe "Geórgia" should be Location. However, in the example, "Inglaterra" was classified as Pl_country. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. So "Geórgia" is a country, which is a Location. So I'll put Location for "Geórgia".

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital, which is a specific type under Location. However, the user's classes don't have sub-types like Pl_capital. The example output shows that, but maybe that's part of the example's specific encoding. Wait, looking back at the example given by the user:

In the example output, "Lisboa" is classified as "Pl_capital", which seems to be a specific type under Location. However, the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe in the example, they used more specific sub-classes, but the user is now asking to use the main classes. Wait, but the user provided the example output with those sub-classes, but in the task description, they said to use the classes as listed. Hmm, this is a bit confusing.

Wait, the user's instruction says: "Classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other". So the example might have used more specific sub-classes, but the user is now asking to use the main classes. However, in the example output, they have entries like "Pl_capital" which are not in the main classes. But the user's task says to use the classes as listed. So maybe the example is incorrect, or perhaps the user expects the same sub-classifications as in the example. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. This is conflicting.

Wait, looking back at the user's message: the example output includes entries like "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil", which are not in the main classes. However, the user's instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So perhaps the example is using a different classification system, but the user now wants the main classes. But the user provided that example as part of the task, so maybe they expect the same approach. However, the user's current task says to use the classes as listed. This is a bit confusing.

Wait, the user's instruction says: "Classify each of the participants listed under 'Participants to classify', according to how it is used in the input. Classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other". So the example might have used more specific sub-classes, but the user is now asking to use the main classes. Therefore, in the current task, "Geórgia" is a country, which is a Location. So I should classify it as Location, not Pl_country. But in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as Pl_capital, which is a sub-type of Location. However, the user's instruction says to use the main classes, so maybe the example is incorrect. But the user provided that example, so perhaps they expect the same approach. However, the user's current instruction says to use the classes as listed. This is conflicting.

Alternatively, maybe the example is using a different classification system where Location includes sub-classes like Pl_capital, but the user's current task is to use the main classes. Therefore, I should stick to the main classes. So "Geórgia" is a country, which is a Location. "Banco" is a Facility. "Homem armado" is a Person. "Reféns" are People. So the classifications would be:

["Homem armado", "Person"], ["reféns", "Person"], ["banco", "Facility"], ["Geórgia", "Location"].

But in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is a sub-type of Location. However, the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Therefore, I should use "Location" for "Geórgia".
</think>

<Output>[["Homem armado", "Person"], ["reféns", "Person"], ["banco", "Facility"], ["Geórgia", "Location"]]</Output>