<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, organizations, places, or objects mentioned in the text. The output is a JSON array of strings.

Looking at the input text: "Segundo a mesma fonte, o ferido grave foi transportado para o Hospital de São José, em Lisboa, e a outra vítima foi "declarada cadáver no local", na Estrada Nacional 2-3, na freguesia de Valada."

First, I need to identify all the participants. Let's break it down sentence by sentence.

1. "Segundo a mesma fonte" – "a mesma fonte" is a participant, which refers to a source mentioned earlier. Since the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte", I should include both here.

2. "o ferido grave" – this is a person, so "o ferido grave" is a participant.

3. "Hospital de São José" – a specific hospital, so that's a participant.

4. "Lisboa" – a city, so that's a place participant.

5. "a outra vítima" – another person, so "a outra vítima" is a participant.

6. "declarada cadáver no local" – this refers to the victim being declared dead, but the actual participant here is the victim, which is already mentioned as "a outra vítima".

7. "Estrada Nacional 2-3" – a road name, so that's a participant.

8. "freguesia de Valada" – a parish, which is a place, so that's a participant.

Now, checking the example output, they included entities like "o motor", "a aeronave", etc., even if they were parts of a larger entity. So, in this case, "Hospital de São José" is a full name, so it's included as is. "Lisboa" is a city, so included. "Estrada Nacional 2-3" is a specific road, so included. "freguesia de Valada" is a parish, so included. 

Also, "a mesma fonte" is included as a participant. The example had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte", so here we should include both "a mesma fonte" and "fonte" if they appear. Wait, in the input, it's "a mesma fonte", which is a reference to a previously mentioned source. But in the example, they included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So in this case, "a mesma fonte" is present here, so that's one entry. However, the original text doesn't mention "fonte" without "a mesma", so maybe only "a mesma fonte" is included here. Wait, the example input had "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" and "a mesma fonte", so both were included. In this case, the input only has "a mesma fonte", so that's the entry.

So compiling all the participants:

- "a mesma fonte"
- "o ferido grave"
- "Hospital de São José"
- "Lisboa"
- "a outra vítima"
- "Estrada Nacional 2-3"
- "freguesia de Valada"

Wait, but in the example, they included "aeroporto" as a participant even though it was part of a larger phrase like "no aeroporto de Lisboa". So maybe even generic terms like "hospital" or "estrada" are included if they are part of a specific name. However, in this case, "Hospital de São José" is a specific name, so it's included. "Estrada Nacional 2-3" is a specific road, so included. "freguesia de Valada" is a specific place, so included.

I think that's all. Let me check again. The output should be a JSON array with these strings. Make sure there are no duplicates unless they appear as different phrases. For example, "Lisboa" appears once here, so it's included once. The example had multiple instances of "Lisboa" but they were included each time. Wait, in the example input, "Lisboa" was mentioned multiple times, and each occurrence was included in the output. So in this case, "Lisboa" is mentioned once, so it's included once. Similarly, "a mesma fonte" is mentioned once. 

So the final list should be:

["a mesma fonte", "o ferido grave", "Hospital de São José", "Lisboa", "a outra vítima", "Estrada Nacional 2-3", "freguesia de Valada"]
</think>

["a mesma fonte", "o ferido grave", "Hospital de São José", "Lisboa", "a outra vítima", "Estrada Nacional 2-3", "freguesia de Valada"]