<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants listed. The input is a sentence in Portuguese: "De acordo com o comandante Júlio Pereira, a vítima é bombeiro em Vizela e teve de ser resgatada pela equipa de grande ângulo da corporação." The participants to classify are ["comandante Júlio Pereira", "a vítima", "equipa de grande ângulo da corporação", "corporação"].

Starting with "comandante Júlio Pereira". The term "comandante" translates to "commander" or "captain", which is a title for a person. Júlio Pereira is a name, so this is a human individual. According to the classes, "Per" is for human individuals or divine entities. So this should be "Per" with high confidence.

Next, "a vítima". "Vítima" means "victim", which is a person. So again, "Per" class. High confidence here as well.

Then, "equipa de grande ângulo da corporação". "Equipa" is team, and "grande ângulo" might be a specific type of team, like a special rescue team. The phrase "da corporação" means "of the corporation". Since it's a team within an organization, this would be an "Org" (organizational structure). But wait, "equipa" is a group, but the class "Org" is for organizations like companies, governments, teams. So "equipa" as a team would fall under "Org". However, sometimes "team" might be considered as part of an organization. But the example given in the classes includes "teams" under "Org". So I think "equipa" here is an "Org".

Lastly, "corporação". "Corporação" translates to "corporation" or "organization", which is clearly an "Org". High confidence here.

Wait, but let me check the definitions again. "Org" is for entities with an organizational structure, like companies, governments, teams, institutions. So "equipa de grande ângulo da corporação" is a team within the corporation. But the team itself is part of the organization. However, the name of the team might be considered as an "Org" if it's a formal team. Alternatively, if the team is part of the corporation, maybe the corporation is the main "Org" and the team is a sub-unit. But the example given in the classes includes "teams" as "Org", so I think "equipa" here is an "Org".

So the classifications would be:

- comandante Júlio Pereira: Per
- a vítima: Per
- equipa de grande ângulo da corporação: Org
- corporação: Org

Confidence levels: All of these seem pretty clear. The only possible doubt is "equipa" being a team, but since the example includes "teams" as Org, I'm confident in that. The "corporação" is definitely Org. The victims and the commander are clearly Per. So confidence around 0.95 or 1.0 for each.
</think>

<Output>
[["comandante Júlio Pereira", "Per", 0.95], ["a vítima", "Per", 0.95], ["equipa de grande ângulo da corporação", "Org", 0.9], ["corporação", "Org", 0.95]]
</Output>