<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "These facts led to the issuance of an arrest warrant, which was carried out on Wednesday by GNR soldiers from the Maia Territorial Post."

Participants to classify are ["GNR soldiers", "GNR", "Maia Territorial Post"].

First, I need to determine the class for each entity. The classes available are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other.

Starting with "GNR soldiers". GNR is likely an acronym for a police or military force, like the Guarda Nacional Republicana in Portugal. "Soldiers" here refers to the people serving in that organization. So "GNR soldiers" would be a group of people, which falls under Person. But wait, sometimes organizations have soldiers as part of their structure. However, the term "soldiers" here is a role, so maybe it's a Person. But I need to check if "GNR" itself is an organization. Since "GNR" is the organization, and "soldiers" are the members, but the entity is "GNR soldiers" as a whole. Hmm, maybe it's an Organization? Or is it a group of people? The example given earlier had "Public Security Police" as an organization. So "GNR soldiers" might be part of the GNR organization, but the entity here is "GNR soldiers" as a collective. Maybe it's an Organization. Wait, but the example had "airline Jota Aviation" as an Organization. So if "GNR" is an organization, then "GNR soldiers" would be a part of that organization, but the classification might still be Organization. Alternatively, if "soldiers" are people, then "GNR soldiers" would be Person. But I think in this context, since they are acting as a group under the GNR, it's more likely the Organization. But I'm a bit confused here. Let me check the example again. In the example, "Public Security Police" was classified as Org. So "GNR soldiers" would be similar to that, so Org.

Next, "GNR". This is the acronym, so it's definitely an organization. So that's Org.

Then "Maia Territorial Post". This sounds like a specific location, possibly a military or police post. The term "Post" here might refer to a facility. In the example, "Humberto Delgado Airport" was classified as Fac. So "Maia Territorial Post" would be a Facility. Alternatively, if it's a location, maybe Location. But "Post" implies a building or a station, which is a facility. So Fac.

Wait, but in the example, "airport" was classified as Fac, and "the airports" as Fac. So "Maia Territorial Post" would be a Facility. So the classifications would be:

["GNR soldiers", "Org"], ["GNR", "Org"], ["Maia Territorial Post", "Fac"].

But I need to make sure. Let me think again. "GNR soldiers" are people working for the GNR organization. However, the entity is "GNR soldiers" as a group. But in the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org. So if "GNR soldiers" is a group under the GNR, which is an organization, then maybe "GNR soldiers" is also an Org. Alternatively, if it's a group of people, then Person. But the example had "the same source" as Per, which refers to a person. So "GNR soldiers" would be a group of people, but the classification is Person or Organization. Since they are part of an organization, but the entity is the soldiers themselves, maybe Person. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, if "GNR" is the organization, then "GNR soldiers" is a part of that org, but the classification might still be Org. Hmm. This is a bit tricky. Maybe I should go with Org for both "GNR soldiers" and "GNR", since they are part of the same organization. But I'm not 100% certain. Alternatively, "GNR soldiers" could be a group of people, so Person. But in the example, "the same source" was classified as Per, which is a person. So maybe "GNR soldiers" is a group of people, hence Person. But I'm not sure. Let me check the example again. The example had "source" as Per, which refers to a person. So "GNR soldiers" would be a group of people, so Person. But then "GNR" is the organization. So that would make sense. So "GNR soldiers" is Person, "GNR" is Org, and "Maia Territorial Post" is Fac. That seems more accurate. So the final answer would be:

[["GNR soldiers", "Per"], ["GNR", "Org"], ["Maia Territorial Post", "Fac"]]

But I need to confirm. If "GNR soldiers" are the people, then Person. But sometimes, when a group is acting as a unit, it's classified as an Organization. However, in the example, "Public Security Police" was Org, so maybe "GNR soldiers" is also Org. But "soldiers" are people. This is a bit ambiguous. However, given the example, I think "GNR soldiers" would be classified as Org because it's a part of the GNR organization. Alternatively, if "soldiers" are individuals, then Person. But the example had "a Public Security Police" as Org, so perhaps "GNR soldiers" is also Org. I think I'll go with that.
</think>

<Output>[["GNR soldiers", "Org"], ["GNR", "Org"], ["Maia Territorial Post", "Fac"]]</Output>