<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Islamic State claims Vienna attack". The participants to classify are "Islamic State" and "Vienna".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "Islamic State". From what I know, the Islamic State is a known terrorist group, which is an organization. So that should be "Org".

Next, "Vienna". Vienna is the capital city of Austria. Since it's a city, it falls under Location. But looking at the example provided earlier, they used "Pl_capital" for Lisbon. Wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital". So maybe "Pl_capital" is a subclass of Location? But the classes given are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example output used "Pl_capital" as a class, but that's not in the original list. Wait, maybe that's a mistake. Let me check the original problem again.

Wait, the user provided classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example output, they have entries like "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil". That seems conflicting. Wait, maybe the example is incorrect, or perhaps there's a misunderstanding. Wait, looking back at the example:

In the example, the output includes entries like ["Lisbon", "Pl_capital"], ["Farnborough", "Pl_civil"], etc. But the original classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example is using more specific subclasses, but the user's instruction says to use the given classes. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

But in the example output, they have "Pl_capital", "Pl_civil", etc. That seems inconsistent. Wait, perhaps the example is wrong, or maybe the user intended for the classes to include more specific types. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. So maybe the example is incorrect, but the user expects us to follow the classes as given.

Wait, but the user provided the example output with those specific classifications. However, the problem statement says to use the classes listed. So perhaps the example is using a different classification system, but the user wants us to follow the classes as given. This is confusing.

Wait, looking back at the user's instruction:

"Classify each of the participants listed under "Participants to classify", according to how it is used in the input.

Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So the classes are as listed. However, in the example, they used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil", which are not in the classes. That seems like an error. But maybe the user made a mistake in the example. However, since the user provided that example, perhaps they expect us to follow that format, even though it's conflicting.

But in the current task, the user is asking to classify "Islamic State" and "Vienna" using the classes listed. So "Islamic State" is an organization, so "Org". "Vienna" is a location, so "Location".

But in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which is a subclass of Location. However, the user's classes don't include such subclasses. Therefore, perhaps the example is incorrect, and we should use the main classes as given.

Therefore, for "Vienna", the correct class is "Location".

So the output should be:

[["Islamic State", "Org"], ["Vienna", "Location"]]

But I need to make sure. Let me check again. The user's example might have used more specific classifications, but the problem statement says to use the classes as listed. Therefore, the correct classes here are "Org" for Islamic State and "Location" for Vienna.
</think>

[["Islamic State", "Org"], ["Vienna", "Location"]]