<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "The 20-year-old perpetrator of the attack was shot dead on Monday night by police in the center of Vienna." The participants to classify are ["The 20-year-old perpetrator", "police", "Vienna"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given in the task had entries like "Plane" classified as Object, "airport" as Facility, and "Lusa." as Organization. So I need to apply similar reasoning here.

Starting with "The 20-year-old perpetrator". The term "perpetrator" refers to a person who commits a crime. Even though there's an age mentioned, the main noun here is "perpetrator", which is a person. So this should be classified under Person.

Next, "police". Police are typically an organization, especially when referring to the department or force. In the example, "Public Security Police" was classified as an Organization. So "police" here is likely an Organization.

Lastly, "Vienna". Vienna is a city, which is a location. In the example, "Lisbon" was classified as Pl_capital, which I assume is a subcategory of Location. Since Vienna is a city (and the capital of Austria), it should be under Location.

Wait, but the classes don't have subcategories like Pl_capital. The example output had "Pl_capital" as a class, but looking back at the original classes provided, the user listed: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example used more specific labels, but the actual classes are the main ones. However, the user's example output included things like "Pl_capital" which might be a mistake or an extension. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. Wait, the example output had entries like "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital", but the original classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example used more detailed labels, but the user wants us to use the main classes. However, in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which might be a typo or a specific code. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. Wait, the user's example output shows "Pl_capital" as a class, but the original classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. That seems conflicting. Wait, looking back at the user's message:

The classes are listed as:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other.

But in the example output, they have entries like "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital", which isn't in the original list. That's confusing. Wait, maybe the user made a mistake in the example, but the actual task is to use the classes as listed. However, the example output uses codes like "Pl_capital" which might be a mistake. Alternatively, perhaps the user intended for "Pl_capital" to be part of the Location class. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as given. This is a bit conflicting. However, the user's example output includes "Pl_capital" as a class, but the original classes don't have that. Maybe that's an error, but since the user provided that example, perhaps we should follow it. But the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. Hmm. This is a bit confusing. Let me check again.

Original classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other.

In the example, "Lisbon" is classified as "Pl_capital", which isn't in the original list. So perhaps the user made a mistake in the example, but the actual task is to use the classes as listed. However, the user's example output includes "Pl_capital", which might be a typo for "Location" or "Pl" as an abbreviation. Alternatively, maybe the user intended for "Pl_capital" to be a subcategory under Location. But given that the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, I should stick to those. Therefore, "Vienna" would be a Location.

So, for the current input:

"The 20-year-old perpetrator" is a Person.

"police" is an Organization.

"Vienna" is a Location.

Therefore, the output should be:

[["The 20-year-old perpetrator", "Person"], ["police", "Organization"], ["Vienna", "Location"]]
</think>

<Output>[["The 20-year-old perpetrator", "Person"], ["police", "Organization"], ["Vienna", "Location"]]</Output>