<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the classes and how each participant fits into them. The input is a sentence about the Victorian Premier Dan Andrews discussing the quarantine system and pandemic rulebook after an investigation report was released.

Starting with "Victorian Premier Dan Andrews". This is a person's name with a title. The class "Per" is for human individuals or divine entities. Since Dan Andrews is a person, this should be "Per" with high confidence.

Next, "Victorian Premier" is a title. But the class "Per" is for individuals, not titles. Wait, the definition says "entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities." So the title itself isn't a person, but the person holding the title is. However, in the example given, "A EDP" was classified as Org. But here, "Victorian Premier" is a title, not an organization. But the user might consider it as a role, which is a person. However, the example might have different cases. Wait, looking back at the example, the user classified "a Public Security Police" as Org. So maybe "Victorian Premier" is a title, but the actual person is "Dan Andrews". But the participant here is "Victorian Premier Dan Andrews" as a whole. Wait, the participants to classify include "Victorian Premier Dan Andrews" and "Victorian Premier" separately. So "Victorian Premier Dan Andrews" is a person, so Per. But "Victorian Premier" alone is a title, which might be considered as an Org? Or maybe not. Hmm. The class Org is for organizations, companies, governments, etc. The title "Victorian Premier" is a position, not an organization. So maybe "Victorian Premier" is not classified under any of the classes except maybe Other? Wait, the Other class is for entities that don't fit other categories. But "Victorian Premier" is a role, which is a person's position. But the class Per is for individuals. However, the title itself isn't a person. So perhaps "Victorian Premier" is not a participant here. Wait, the task is to classify each participant listed. The user might have included "Victorian Premier" as a separate entity. But in the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org. So maybe "Victorian Premier" is a title, but the actual person is "Dan Andrews", so "Victorian Premier" might be considered as a role, but not a Per. Wait, this is confusing. Let me check the classes again. Per is for human individuals or divine entities. So "Victorian Premier Dan Andrews" is a person, so Per. "Victorian Premier" is a title, but not a person. So maybe it's Other? Or maybe it's considered as a role, which is part of the person's identity. But the example given in the task for "Per" includes "O rapaz" (the boy), which is a person. So "Victorian Premier" is a title, not a person. Therefore, "Victorian Premier" might be classified as Other, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's considered as an Org, but that doesn't fit. Hmm. Maybe the user expects "Victorian Premier" to be Per, but that's incorrect. Alternatively, perhaps the title is part of the person's name. Wait, the first entity is "Victorian Premier Dan Andrews" which is a person, so Per. The second is "Victorian Premier" alone. Since the Premier is a role, but the title itself isn't a person, maybe it's Other. But I'm not sure. Let me think again. The example in the task had "a Public Security Police" as Org. So if "Victorian Premier" is a position, maybe it's not classified as Per. But the user might have intended it as Per. Alternatively, maybe it's considered as a role, which is part of the person's identity, but the class Per is for individuals. So perhaps "Victorian Premier" is not a Per. But I'm not certain. Maybe I should check the example again. In the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org, which is an organization. So "Victorian Premier" is a title, not an organization. Therefore, maybe it's Other. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's considered as a Per, but that would be incorrect. This is tricky. Let me proceed with the assumption that "Victorian Premier Dan Andrews" is Per, and "Victorian Premier" is Other. But I need to be careful.

Next, "quarantine system". This is a system, which is a manmade object. So Obj. Confidence high.

"Pandemic rulebook" is a document or a set of rules, which is an object. So Obj. High confidence.

"Investigation report" is a document, so Obj. High confidence.

"The quarantine system" is the same as "quarantine system", so Obj.

"The pandemic rulebook" is same as "pandemic rulebook", Obj.

"The investigation report" is same as "investigation report", Obj.

So the classifications would be:

["Victorian Premier Dan Andrews", "Per", 0.95], 
["Victorian Premier", "Other", 0.5], 
["quarantine system", "Obj", 0.9], 
["pandemic rulebook", "Obj", 0.9], 
["investigation report", "Obj", 0.9], 
["the quarantine system", "Obj", 0.9], 
["the pandemic rulebook", "Obj", 0.9], 
["the investigation report", "Obj", 0.9]

Wait, but for "Victorian Premier", maybe it's considered as a title, but the class doesn't have a specific category for titles. The Other class is for entities that don't fit other categories. So if "Victorian Premier" is not a person, organization, object, etc., then Other. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's a role, which is part of the person's identity, but the class Per is for individuals. So perhaps "Victorian Premier" is not a Per. But the user might have intended it as Per. Alternatively, maybe it's considered as an Org. But that doesn't fit. Hmm. Maybe I should check the example again. In the example, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org. So "Victorian Premier" is a title, not an organization. Therefore, it's not Org. So Other. But I'm not confident. Alternatively, maybe it's a Per. But the title alone isn't a person. So I think Other is the safest choice here, with lower confidence.
</think>

<Output>[["Victorian Premier Dan Andrews", "Per", 0.95], ["Victorian Premier", "Other", 0.6], ["quarantine system", "Obj", 0.9], ["pandemic rulebook", "Obj", 0.9], ["investigation report", "Obj", 0.9], ["the quarantine system", "Obj", 0.9], ["the pandemic rulebook", "Obj", 0.9], ["the investigation report", "Obj", 0.9]]</Output>