<think>
Okay, let's see. The user provided a task where I need to classify participants in a given text into specific categories. The example given is a quote from Andrews apologizing to the Victorian community. The participants to classify are "Andrews" and "the Victorian community".

First, I need to recall the classes. The classes are Per, Org, Obj, Nat, Fac, Veh, Path, Pl_water, Pl_celestial, Pl_mountain, Pl_civil, Pl_country, Pl_mount_range, Pl_capital, Pl_region, Pl_state, Loc, and Other. 

Looking at "Andrews", that's a person's name. The class Per is for human individuals or fictitious characters. So "Andrews" should be Per. The confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "the Victorian community". The Victorian community refers to the people of Victoria, which is a state in Australia. But the class Pl_civil is for political regions or administrative areas, usually sub-national. However, "community" here might be more of a group of people rather than a political entity. Wait, but the class Per is for individuals or groups. Wait, the definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, etc. So "the Victorian community" is a group of people, which would fall under Per? Or maybe Org? Wait, no, Org is for organizations with structure. But "community" isn't an organization. Alternatively, maybe Pl_civil? But Pl_civil is for political regions. Hmm.

Wait, the example given in the task for Pl_civil includes "Regiao Autonoma dos Acores" (Autonomous Region of the Azores), "Uniao Europeia" (European Union), "Lisboa", "area metropolitana do Porto", "Minho". So "the Victorian community" is a community, which might be a civil region? But "community" isn't exactly a political region. Alternatively, maybe it's a group of people, so Per? But Per is for individuals or characters. Wait, the definition says Per includes "entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities." So groups of people might not be Per. Then, maybe "the Victorian community" is a group, which could be considered as a Per? Or perhaps it's a Pl_civil? But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's a Loc or other. Wait, the example in the task for "the airports" was classified as Fac. But "the Victorian community" is a group of people, not a place. 

Wait, looking back at the original example's output, for instance, "the airports" was classified as Fac. But "the airports" is a facility. However, "the Victorian community" is a group of people. So perhaps "the Victorian community" is a Per? But Per is for individuals or characters. Wait, the definition says participants can be groups. Wait, the definition says participants refer to individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. So maybe "the Victorian community" is a group, which would be Per? But the class Per is for human individuals or characters. Wait, the example given for Per was "O rapaz" (the boy), which is an individual. So maybe groups are not considered Per. Then, perhaps "the Victorian community" is a Pl_civil? But Pl_civil is for political regions. Alternatively, maybe it's a Loc? But Loc is for places that don't fit other Pl categories. Hmm. 

Alternatively, maybe "the Victorian community" is an Org? But Org is for organizations with structure. A community isn't an organization. So perhaps it's a Per? But I'm not sure. Maybe the answer is Per for "Andrews" and Per for "the Victorian community" as a group. But I need to check the examples again. 

In the example given in the task, "source" was classified as Per. So "source" is a person. In the input, "a Public Security Police" was classified as Org. So "the Victorian community" is a group of people, which might be considered Per. But the class Per is for individuals or characters. However, the definition says participants can be groups. Wait, the definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, etc. So maybe "the Victorian community" is a group, which would be Per. But the class Per is for individuals or characters. Maybe the answer is Per for both. But I'm not 100% sure. Alternatively, maybe "the Victorian community" is a Pl_civil? But I think that's more for regions. 

Alternatively, maybe "the Victorian community" is a Loc? But Loc is for places that don't fit other Pl categories. But "community" isn't a place. 

Hmm. This is a bit tricky. Maybe the safest bet is to classify "the Victorian community" as Per, considering it's a group of people. But I'm not entirely confident. Alternatively, maybe it's a Pl_civil. Let me think again. If "the Victorian community" refers to the people in Victoria, which is a state, then maybe it's a Pl_state? But Victoria is a state, so "the Victorian community" is the people of that state. But the class Pl_state is for administrative divisions. However, the community itself isn't the state, but the people. So perhaps it's a Per. 

Alternatively, maybe the answer is Per for "Andrews" and Per for "the Victorian community" as a group. So the confidence for "the Victorian community" might be lower, like 0.7, because it's a group and the class Per is for individuals. But the definition says participants can be groups. Wait, the definition says participants can be groups, but the classes may not have a specific category for groups. So maybe the best fit is Per for both. 

So the final answer would be:
[["Andrews", "Per", 0.95], ["the Victorian community", "Per", 0.7]]
</think>

<Output>[["Andrews", "Per", 0.95], ["the Victorian community", "Per", 0.7]]</Output>