<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" were included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" was listed, but maybe that's a typo? The original input had "due to engine failure," so maybe "engine" is the correct entity, not "to engine." Hmm, but the example output includes "to engine" with confidence 0.8. Maybe the user expects splitting phrases even if they're not full entities. I need to follow the example closely.

Looking at the input: "Weak controls at two quarantine hotels triggered a wave of infections in Australia's second-largest city, while the rest of the country had been largely virus-free."

First, identify all entities. The main participants here are:

- "quarantine hotels" – these are the places where controls were weak.
- "two quarantine hotels" – specific instance, but maybe "quarantine hotels" is the general term.
- "Australia's second-largest city" – the city affected, which is Sydney, but the name isn't mentioned. However, the example included "Lisbon" even though it's a city name. So maybe "Australia's second-largest city" is a participant, but since it's not named, perhaps it's not included. Wait, the example included "Lisbon" as a participant. So maybe even if the city isn't named, but referred to as "Lisbon," it's included. In this case, the city is referred to as "Australia's second-largest city," which is a descriptor, not a proper noun. Should that be considered a participant? The definition says participants are entities that are actively involved or impacted. The city is impacted, so maybe it's a participant. But the example included "Lisbon" as a participant even though it was part of the airport name. So maybe "Australia's second-largest city" is a participant, but since it's not a proper noun, perhaps it's not. Alternatively, maybe the user expects that even descriptors are included if they refer to a specific entity. This is a bit ambiguous.

Next, "Australia" is mentioned as the country. The rest of the country is virus-free, so "the rest of the country" might be a participant. But "the rest of the country" is a phrase, not a specific entity. However, in the example, "the airports" was included. So maybe "the rest of the country" is considered a participant. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe "Australia" is the main country participant.

Also, "virus" is mentioned, but the example didn't include "virus" as a participant. Wait, in the example, "engine" was included. So maybe "virus" is a participant here. However, the example included "engine" as a participant, which is a noun, so "virus" would be similar.

Looking at the example again: the input had "engine failure," and the output included "engine," "a stopped engine," etc. So even if the entity is part of a phrase, like "engine failure," they split it into "engine" and "a stopped engine." So in this case, "virus" would be a participant. But the example didn't include "virus" in their output. Wait, the example input was about a plane and engine failure, and the output included "engine," "a stopped engine," etc. So maybe "virus" is a participant here.

But the user's example output included "engine" as a participant. So in the current input, "virus" is a noun, so it's a participant. Also, "controls" might be a participant? Wait, "controls" is a noun here, but it's part of "weak controls." However, in the example, "engine" was included as a participant. So maybe "controls" is a participant here. But the example didn't include "controls" in their output. Wait, the example input had "engine failure," and the output included "engine," "a stopped engine," etc. So maybe "controls" is a participant here. However, the example didn't have "controls" as a participant. Hmm, this is confusing.

Alternatively, maybe the participants are the entities that are directly involved. In the current input, the quarantine hotels are the ones with weak controls, which led to infections. The city is impacted. The country's rest is virus-free. The virus itself is the cause. So participants would be:

- "quarantine hotels"
- "two quarantine hotels"
- "Australia's second-largest city"
- "the rest of the country"
- "virus"

But need to check the example again. In the example, "engine" was included even though it was part of "engine failure." So maybe "controls" is included here. Also, "quarantine hotels" is a noun phrase, so that's a participant. "two quarantine hotels" is a specific instance, but maybe both are included. Also, "Australia's second-largest city" is a descriptor, but the example included "Lisbon" as a participant. So maybe that's acceptable.

So the output would be:

["quarantine hotels", 0.9], ["two quarantine hotels", 0.8], ["Australia's second-largest city", 0.7], ["the rest of the country", 0.6], ["virus", 0.8]

But need to check if "virus" is considered a participant. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The virus is the cause, so it's a participant. Also, the example included "engine" as a participant. So yes.

But the example also included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In the current input, the source isn't mentioned, so maybe not. The input here doesn't mention any specific organizations or people, just the entities mentioned.

So the final list would include the quarantine hotels, the city, the rest of the country, and the virus. Also, "Australia" might be a participant as the country. The example included "Lisbon" as a participant, which is a city. So "Australia" as the country would be a participant. So adding "Australia" with confidence 0.8.

Wait, the input says "Australia's second-largest city," so the country is Australia. So "Australia" is a participant. So adding that.

So the list would be:

["quarantine hotels", 0.9], ["two quarantine hotels", 0.8], ["Australia's second-largest city", 0.7], ["the rest of the country", 0.6], ["virus", 0.8], ["Australia", 0.8]

But need to check if "the rest of the country" is considered a participant. The example included "the airports" as a participant. So "the rest of the country" is a participant. Also, "Australia" as the country.

So the final answer would be those entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["quarantine hotels", 0.9], ["two quarantine hotels", 0.8], ["Australia's second-largest city", 0.7], ["the rest of the country", 0.6], ["virus", 0.8], ["Australia", 0.8]]