<think>
Okay, let's see. The task is to determine if the input mentions any participants. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or affected by an event. The input here is: "Of the 908 Australian deaths from Covid-19, 820 died in Victoria."

First, I need to check if there are any participants mentioned. The sentence talks about deaths in Australia, specifically 820 in Victoria. The entities here are Australia and Victoria, which are regions. But are they considered participants? The definition says participants can be entities impacted by an event. Since the deaths are part of the Covid-19 situation, Australia and Victoria are affected regions. However, the question is whether they are mentioned as participants. But wait, the example where "the incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon" was labeled 'no' because there were no specific entities mentioned. Here, Australia and Victoria are mentioned as locations where the deaths occurred. But are they considered participants? The definition includes entities that are impacted. So, if the event is the deaths from Covid-19, then the participants would be the people who died, but the input doesn't mention them explicitly. It just states the number of deaths in regions. However, the regions themselves might be considered as entities affected by the event. But in the examples, when the input was about an emergency landing, the participants were the plane, the airport, the police source, etc. In this case, the regions (Australia, Victoria) are mentioned, but are they considered participants? The answer might be 'yes' because they are locations where the event (deaths) occurred, thus being impacted. But the examples where the output was 'no' included things like "the incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon" which didn't mention any specific entities. However, in this input, the regions are named. So maybe the answer is 'yes' with some confidence. Alternatively, if the participants need to be individuals or groups, then the regions might not count. But the definition says "entities" which includes regions. So I think the answer is 'yes' because Australia and Victoria are entities impacted by the event (Covid-19 deaths). Therefore, the output should be 'yes' with a confidence level, say 0.75.
</think>

yes 0.75