<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. The example provided includes entities like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., with confidence scores.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "Of the 908 Australian deaths from Covid-19, 820 died in Victoria." 

Looking for entities here. The main entities would be "Australian deaths," "Covid-19," "Victoria." But wait, "Australian deaths" is a collective term, but the participants are the entities involved. However, the example includes "the airports" as a participant, even though it's a plural noun. 

Wait, the example output includes "airport" as a participant. So maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity. Let's check the example again. The input was about a plane landing, and the output had "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc. So even if it's a general term like "airport," it's included. 

In the current input, "Australian deaths" is a group of people, so that's a participant. "Covid-19" is the cause, so that's an entity. "Victoria" is a location where the deaths occurred. Also, "908" and "820" are numbers, but the example didn't include numbers. Wait, in the example output, numbers like "5:50 pm" were included as "the same source" but not the numbers themselves. Wait, no, the example output includes "the airports" but not numbers. The example input had numbers like "908" but the output didn't include them. So maybe numbers aren't considered participants here.

So the participants here would be:

- "Australian deaths" (the group affected)
- "Covid-19" (the cause)
- "Victoria" (the location where the deaths occurred)

But wait, the example includes "Lisbon" multiple times. So even if a location is mentioned multiple times, each occurrence is listed. However, in the example, "Lisbon" appears multiple times as separate entries. So in the current input, "Victoria" is a location, so it's a participant. 

But the example also includes "source" and "the same source" as participants. In the current input, there's no explicit mention of a source, so maybe not. 

So the entities here are:

1. "Australian deaths" – the group of people affected.
2. "Covid-19" – the disease causing the deaths.
3. "Victoria" – the location where the deaths occurred.

But wait, the example includes "the airports" as a participant. So maybe "Victoria" is a participant here. Also, "Australian" is an adjective, but "Australian deaths" is a noun phrase. So I think that's correct.

Confidence scores: 

- "Australian deaths" – high confidence, 0.95.
- "Covid-19" – high confidence, 0.95.
- "Victoria" – high confidence, 0.9.

But wait, the example includes "the airports" as a participant. So even if it's a plural noun, it's included. So "Victoria" is a proper noun, so it's a participant. 

I think that's all. The numbers like 908 and 820 are not entities, just quantities. So the final list would be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Australian deaths", 0.95], ["Covid-19", 0.95], ["Victoria", 0.9]]