<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like organizations, individuals, or even specific roles mentioned in the text.

First, I need to understand the input sentence: "Police now provide security at Melbourne's quarantine hotels, something that in this case was done by private security guards." 

Breaking it down, the main participants here are the entities involved. The first part mentions "Police" providing security. "Police" is a group, so that's a participant. Then there's "Melbourne's quarantine hotels" – the hotels are locations where the security is provided, but are they considered participants? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. Since the hotels are the places where the action happens, maybe they are included. But I need to check if they are actively involved. The hotels might be the recipients of the security service, so they could be considered as participants.

Next, the sentence mentions "private security guards" who did the job in this case. So "private security guards" is another participant. Also, "Melbourne" is a location, but the example included "Lisbon" multiple times. Wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was included even though it's a location. So maybe locations are considered participants if they are part of the event. However, the example also included "airport" and "the airports" as participants. So perhaps locations are included if they are directly involved.

Now, looking at the example output, they included "Plane", "engine", "A plane", etc. So even parts of the sentence like "to engine" were included, which seems like a part of a noun phrase. But in the example, "to engine" was listed as a participant. Wait, that might be a mistake. Wait, the example input was about a plane with engine failure. The output included "to engine" which is part of the phrase "due to engine failure". But "engine" is a part of the plane's system. However, the user's definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. So maybe "engine" is considered a participant here because it's part of the event. But that seems a bit off. However, the example includes it, so I need to follow that.

So, in the current input, "Police" is a participant. Then "Melbourne's quarantine hotels" – the hotels themselves. Then "private security guards" as the ones doing the security. Also, "Melbourne" as a location. The example included "Lisbon" multiple times, so maybe locations are included even if they are repeated. 

Wait, the example output had "Lisbon" multiple times. For instance, "Lisbon" was listed as a participant, and also "at Humberto Delgado Airport" and "Lisbon" again. So even if a location is mentioned multiple times, each instance is considered a separate participant. So in the current input, "Melbourne's quarantine hotels" and "Melbourne" might be separate entries. 

But the user's example also included "source" and "the same source" as participants. So if the same entity is mentioned with different determiners, they are considered separate. So in the current input, "Police" and "private security guards" are different entities. 

So, compiling the list:

1. "Police" – definitely a participant, confidence high.
2. "Melbourne's quarantine hotels" – the hotels are the ones receiving security, so they are participants.
3. "private security guards" – the ones providing security, so participants.
4. "Melbourne" – the location, included as per example.
5. "quarantine hotels" – maybe, but the full phrase is "Melbourne's quarantine hotels". However, in the example, "airport" was included as a participant. So maybe "quarantine hotels" is a participant. Wait, but the example had "airport" and "the airports" as separate entries. So in this case, "quarantine hotels" might be a participant. However, the full phrase is "Melbourne's quarantine hotels", which is a specific entity. So perhaps that's the main one. But the example included both "airport" and "at Humberto Delgado Airport", so maybe the specific name is included as well. However, in the current input, the specific name is "Melbourne's quarantine hotels", so that's the entity. 

Wait, the example included "the airports" as a participant. So in the current input, "quarantine hotels" might be considered as a participant. However, the exact phrase is "Melbourne's quarantine hotels", so that's the entity. 

So the participants would be:

- Police
- Melbourne's quarantine hotels
- private security guards
- Melbourne

But wait, the example included "Lisbon" as a participant even though it's a city. So "Melbourne" as a city would be included. Also, the example included "airport" as a participant, so "quarantine hotels" would be similar. 

So the list would be:

["Police", 0.95], ["Melbourne's quarantine hotels", 0.85], ["private security guards", 0.9], ["Melbourne", 0.8]

Wait, but the example included "source" and "the same source" as separate entries. So if the same entity is mentioned with different determiners, they are separate. However, in this case, "Melbourne's quarantine hotels" is a specific entity, and "Melbourne" is the city. So they are separate. 

Another thing: the example included "engine" as a participant. In the current input, "quarantine hotels" is a noun phrase, but is it considered a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The hotels are the ones being secured, so they are impacted. So yes, they are participants. 

So the final list would be:

Police, Melbourne's quarantine hotels, private security guards, Melbourne. 

Confidence scores: Police is very high (0.95), Melbourne's quarantine hotels (0.85), private security guards (0.9), Melbourne (0.8). 

Wait, but the example included "airport" as a participant. So in this case, "quarantine hotels" is similar. Also, "Melbourne" as a city is included. 

So the JSON array would be:

[["Police", 0.95], ["Melbourne's quarantine hotels", 0.85], ["private security guards", 0.9], ["Melbourne", 0.8]]
</think>

[["Police", 0.95], ["Melbourne's quarantine hotels", 0.85], ["private security guards", 0.9], ["Melbourne", 0.8]]