<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" were included, so I need to be careful with noun phrases.

First, I'll read the input sentence carefully. The input is: "the state of Victoria had not recorded a case of community transmission for 52 days and Melbourne airport began accepting international arrivals this month for the first time since the beginning of July."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are:

1. "the state of Victoria" – This is a clear participant, a governmental entity.
2. "Melbourne airport" – An organization or facility involved in the event.
3. "international arrivals" – These are people, so they are participants affected by the airport's actions.
4. "July" – A time reference, but not an entity. However, the example included "England" and "Lisbon" as locations, so maybe locations are considered participants. Wait, in the example, "Lisbon" was listed multiple times. But in the input here, "Melbourne airport" is a specific location, so that's included. However, "July" is a time, not a participant. So maybe not included.

Wait, the example output included "airport" as a participant. Let me check the example again. The example input had "Humberto Delgado Airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So locations are included. But in the current input, "Melbourne airport" is a specific entity, so that's a participant. "the state of Victoria" is a participant. "international arrivals" refers to people, so that's a participant. 

What about "community transmission"? That's a concept, not an entity. So probably not. "case of community transmission" is an event, not a participant. 

So the participants would be:

- "the state of Victoria" (confidence high, maybe 0.9)
- "Melbourne airport" (0.9)
- "international arrivals" (0.8, since they are the people being accepted)
- "July" – no, because it's a time, not an entity. The example didn't include time references, only locations and organizations.

Wait, the example output included "Lisbon" as a participant. So maybe locations are included. But in the current input, "Melbourne airport" is the specific location. However, "Melbourne" alone isn't mentioned, just "Melbourne airport". So that's the entity. 

Also, "the state of Victoria" is a participant. 

Are there any other entities? The sentence mentions "this month" and "since the beginning of July", but those are temporal expressions, not participants. 

So the final list would be:

["the state of Victoria", 0.9], ["Melbourne airport", 0.9], ["international arrivals", 0.8]

Wait, but the example included "airport" as a participant. However, in the current input, it's "Melbourne airport", which is a specific entity. So that's correct. 

I should check if "international arrivals" is considered a participant. Since they are the people being accepted, they are impacted by the event, so yes. 

So the answer should be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["the state of Victoria", 0.9], ["Melbourne airport", 0.9], ["international arrivals", 0.8]]