<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the classes provided. The input is a sentence about Victoria's state and Melbourne airport handling international arrivals. The participants to classify are "the state of Victoria", "Melbourne airport", and "international arrivals".

Starting with "the state of Victoria". The classes include Pl_state, which is a first-order administrative division. Victoria is a state in Australia, so that fits under Pl_state. Confidence here is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "Melbourne airport". The class Fac is for facilities, and airports are facilities. So that's Fac. Confidence around 0.9.

Lastly, "international arrivals". This seems like a group of people, but the classes don't have a specific category for groups of people. The closest might be Org, but arrivals are more like a group of individuals, not an organization. Alternatively, maybe Other? But the example given for Other was "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt), which is a non-entity. Wait, the participants are entities involved in the event. International arrivals are people coming into the country, so maybe they are considered as a group under Org? Or perhaps Per, but Per is for individuals or characters. Hmm. Alternatively, since they are people, maybe Per? But the example for Per was "O rapaz" (the boy), which is an individual. If "international arrivals" is a collective noun, maybe it's considered as a group, but the classes don't have a group category. The closest might be Org, but that's for organizations. Alternatively, Other? But the example for Other was a non-entity. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved. If "international arrivals" refers to people, then maybe it's Per, but as a group. However, the example given for Per was singular. Alternatively, maybe it's not classified as a participant here. Wait, the task says to classify each participant listed. The input sentence says Melbourne airport began accepting international arrivals. So the participants are the state, the airport, and the arrivals. The arrivals are people, but the classes don't have a specific category for groups of people. The closest might be Per, but that's for individuals. Alternatively, maybe Other. But the example for Other was a smell, which is not a participant. Wait, the definition says participants can be groups. The example given in the task includes "a Public Security Police" as Org. So maybe "international arrivals" is a group of people, but since there's no specific class for groups, perhaps it's considered as Per? Or maybe it's not a participant. Wait, the task says to classify each of the participants listed. The user provided the list ["the state of Victoria", "Melbourne airport", "international arrivals"], so I need to assign classes to each. 

For "international arrivals", since they are people, but the classes don't have a group category, maybe it's considered as Per? But Per is for individuals or characters. Alternatively, since they are a group, maybe it's not classified under any of the existing categories and falls into Other. But the example for Other was a non-entity. Alternatively, maybe it's a group under Org? But Org is for organizations. Hmm. This is tricky. Maybe the answer is Other with lower confidence. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe it's not a participant. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved. If the airport is accepting international arrivals, then the arrivals are the ones being accepted, so they are participants. But how to classify them. Maybe the answer is Per, but as a group. However, the example for Per was singular. Alternatively, maybe it's not classified here. But the user expects an answer. Let me check the classes again. The classes include Per, Org, Obj, Nat, Fac, Veh, Path, Pl_water, Pl_celestial, Pl_mountain, Pl_civil, Pl_country, Pl_mount_range, Pl_capital, Pl_region, Pl_state, Loc, Other. 

"International arrivals" are people, so Per? But as a group. The example given for Per was "O rapaz" (the boy), which is singular. However, the class definition for Per includes "entities that are human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities." So maybe "international arrivals" is a group of individuals, but since the class is for individuals, perhaps it's not applicable. Alternatively, maybe it's considered as a collective noun and falls under Other. But I'm not sure. Maybe the answer is Other with confidence 0.5. Alternatively, maybe it's not a participant. But the user included it in the list. Hmm. This is a bit ambiguous. I'll go with Other for now, with a confidence of 0.6.
</think>

<Output>[["the state of Victoria", "Pl_state", 0.95], ["Melbourne airport", "Fac", 0.9], ["international arrivals", "Other", 0.6]]</Output>