<think>
Okay, let's see. The task is to extract all participants from the given input text. The example provided shows that participants are entities like people, organizations, places, etc., mentioned in the text. The output is a JSON array of strings.

Looking at the example input, the output includes things like "Plane", "A plane", "the aircraft", "engine", "Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", "Farnborough", "England", "Lusa", "Public Security Police", "Jota Aviation", "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", etc. So it seems like any noun phrase that refers to a participant in the event is included, even if it's a part of a larger phrase or a specific name.

Now, the new input is: "“We wish the injured people a speedy recovery and reiterate our support for the people and authorities of Germany”, states the same publication."

First, I need to identify all participants here. The main entities mentioned are "the injured people", "the people", "authorities of Germany", and "the same publication". Also, "Germany" is a country, so that's a participant. The phrase "the same publication" refers to the source, which is a participant. 

Wait, in the example, "Lusa." was included as a participant. So even if it's a name with a period, it's included. Similarly, "the same source" was in the example. So here, "the same publication" would be a participant. Also, "Germany" is a country, so that's a participant. 

But what about "the injured people" and "the people"? Are they considered participants? In the example, "engine" was included, so maybe any noun phrase that's a participant in the event. The injured people are part of the event, so they should be included. "The people" here refers to the people of Germany, so maybe "the people" is part of "authorities of Germany" or separate? The example included "the airports" as a participant, so maybe "the people" is included as well. 

So breaking down the input sentence:

- "the injured people" – participants
- "the people" – participants (though maybe redundant with "authorities of Germany"?)
- "authorities of Germany" – participants
- "Germany" – country, participant
- "the same publication" – participant (the source)

Also, the quotes are from the publication, so "the same publication" is the speaker here. 

So the output should be a list containing these entities. Let me check if there are any other participants. The sentence doesn't mention any other entities. 

So the JSON array would be:

["the injured people", "the people", "authorities of Germany", "Germany", "the same publication"]

Wait, but in the example, "the same source" was included. Here, "the same publication" is similar. Also, "Lusa." was included. So maybe "the same publication" is correct. 

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any. The sentence structure is a quote from the publication, so the publication is the speaker. The injured people and the people (of Germany) and their authorities are the subjects of the statement. Germany is the country. So yes, those are the participants.
</think>

["the injured people", "the people", "authorities of Germany", "Germany", "the same publication"]