<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence in Portuguese about the Islamic State (EI) claiming an attack in Vienna. The participants are entities mentioned in the text that need to be categorized into classes like Person, Organization, Object, etc.

Starting with the first participant: "O grupo 'jihadista' Estado Islâmico (EI)". This refers to the Islamic State, which is a terrorist organization. So the class should be "Org" for Organization.

Next, "Estado Islâmico (EI)" is the same entity as above, just the name without the preceding phrase. Still an organization, so "Org".

Then "Viena" is the city where the attack happened. Viena is a location, specifically a city, so "Loc" for Location.

Lastly, "nas redes Telegram" refers to Telegram, which is a messaging app. However, the class "Facility" might not fit here. Wait, looking back at the example, "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was classified as "Fac" (Facility). But Telegram is a service or platform, not a physical facility. The example also had "o ‘site’" classified as "Loc", which seems a bit off, but maybe in this context, "redes Telegram" is considered a location in terms of where the communication happens. However, the user's example might have specific mappings. Alternatively, "Telegram" could be an Organization if it's considered a company. But in the example, "à agência Lusa" was classified as "Org" (Lusa is an agency). However, "redes Telegram" is the platform, so maybe "Other"? Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. Since Telegram is a service, maybe "Other" is the correct class here. But I need to check the example again. In the example, "o ‘site’" was classified as "Loc", which might be a mistake, but following that, maybe "redes Telegram" is a location in terms of the network. Alternatively, "redes" (networks) could be considered a facility. Hmm, this is tricky. Alternatively, "Telegram" is an organization (the company), so "Org". But the phrase is "nas redes Telegram", which is "on the Telegram networks", so the networks themselves might be considered a facility. But I'm not sure. Maybe "Other" is safer here, but I need to check the example again. In the example, "aeroporto" was "Fac", "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was "Fac", "os aeroportos" was "Fac", "Farnborough" was "Pl_civil" (which is a type of location), "Inglaterra" was "Pl_country", "Lisboa" was "Pl_capital", "à agência Lusa" was "Org", "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was "Org", "companhia aérea Jota Aviation" was "Org", "a ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" was "Org", "fonte" was "Per", "a mesma fonte" was "Per", "o ‘site’" was "Loc". So "site" is considered a location. Therefore, "redes Telegram" might be considered a location as well, but "Telegram" is a service. Alternatively, "redes" (networks) could be an object. But the example had "o motor" as "Obj" (object), so maybe "redes Telegram" is an object. Wait, but the user's example had "o ‘site’" as "Loc", which is a bit confusing. Maybe in this case, "redes Telegram" is a location where the communication happens, so "Loc". But I'm not entirely sure. Alternatively, "Telegram" as an organization. But the phrase is "nas redes Telegram", which is "on the Telegram networks", so the networks themselves are the location. But I think the safest bet here is to classify "nas redes Telegram" as "Other" since it's a service or platform. However, in the example, "o ‘site’" was "Loc", which might be a mistake, but following that, maybe "redes Telegram" is "Loc". Alternatively, "Telegram" is an organization, so "Org". But the phrase is "nas redes Telegram", which is the networks of Telegram, not the organization itself. Hmm. This is a bit ambiguous. Maybe "redes Telegram" is an Object (Obj) since it's a network, but the example had "o motor" as Obj. Alternatively, "redes" could be a Facility. But I'm not sure. Given the ambiguity, I'll go with "Other" for now, but I might need to reconsider.
</think>

[["O grupo 'jihadista' Estado Islâmico (EI)", "Org"], ["Estado Islâmico (EI)", "Org"], ["Viena", "Loc"], ["nas redes Telegram", "Other"]]