<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into one of the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, or Other. 

First, let's look at the input sentence again: "O comunicado do EI atribui a um 'soldado do califado' os disparos registados perto de uma sinagoga e da ópera." Translating that to English might help: "The statement from EI attributes the shots recorded near a synagogue and the opera to a 'caliphate soldier'."

Now, the participants to classify are ["EI", "um 'soldado do califado'", "uma sinagoga", "a ópera"]. Let's go through each one.

Starting with "EI". In Portuguese, "EI" is likely an acronym. From context, it's probably referring to the Islamic State (Estado Islâmico), which is an organization. So, "EI" should be classified as an Organization (Org).

Next, "um 'soldado do califado'". This translates to "a 'caliphate soldier'". The term "soldado" is a person, but since it's referred to as a role or title, not a specific individual, it might be considered a Person (Per). However, sometimes collective terms like this can be tricky. But since it's a singular entity being referred to, even if it's a role, it's more likely a Person.

Then, "uma sinagoga" means "a synagogue". A synagogue is a place of worship, so it's a Facility (Fac) or maybe a Location (Loc). Wait, the classes include Facility, which is a building or structure used for a specific purpose. A synagogue is a building, so Facility makes sense here.

Lastly, "a ópera" translates to "the opera". Now, "ópera" can be a bit ambiguous. If it's referring to the opera house, like a building where operas are performed, then it's a Facility. But if it's referring to the performance itself, it might be an Object or even an Event. However, in the context of the sentence, it's "perto de uma sinagoga e da ópera" (near a synagogue and the opera), which probably refers to the opera house as a location. So, "a ópera" here is a Facility.

Wait, but in the example given earlier, "aeroporto" was classified as "Fac" (Facility), so "ópera" as a building would also be a Facility. However, sometimes "opera" could be a location, but in the absence of more context, I think Facility is the right choice here.

Let me double-check each classification:

- EI: Organization (Org) – correct.
- um 'soldado do califado': Person (Per) – since it's a soldier, a person.
- uma sinagoga: Facility (Fac) – as a building.
- a ópera: Facility (Fac) – assuming it's the opera house.

I think that's accurate. Let me make sure there's no other possible classifications. For example, "soldado" could be an Object if it's a title, but the example had "fonte" (source) as Person, so if it's a role, it's still a Person. Yeah, I think that's right.
</think>

[["EI", "Org"], ["um 'soldado do califado'", "Per"], ["uma sinagoga", "Fac"], ["a ópera", "Fac"]]