<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

First, I'll look at each participant one by one.

Starting with "O autor do atentado". The term "autor" translates to "author" or "perpetrator" in English. Since it's referring to a person who committed an attack, this should be classified as a Person. 

Next is "pela polícia". "Policia" is the police, which is an organization. So this should be an Organization.

Then "Viena" is the name of a city, which is a location. The class here would be Location. 

Lastly, "centro de Viena" translates to "center of Vienna". A "centro" can be a facility or a location. But since it's a specific area within a city, maybe it's a Location. However, sometimes "centro" might refer to a facility like a central building. But in this context, "centro de Viena" is more likely referring to the city center, which is a location. So I'll go with Location.

Wait, but the example given in the task had "aeroporto" classified as Facility. So maybe "centro" here is a Facility? Hmm. The example had "aeroporto" as Facility, but "centro" might be more of a general area. However, "centro" could be a specific facility, like a central station or a building. But without more context, it's safer to consider it as a Location. Alternatively, maybe "centro" is a Facility if it's a specific building. But in the absence of more details, I think Location is more appropriate here.

So the classifications would be:

- "O autor do atentado" → Person
- "pela polícia" → Organization
- "Viena" → Location
- "centro de Viena" → Location

I need to make sure I'm not missing any other possible classes. For example, "pela polícia" is definitely an Organization. "Viena" is a city, so Location. "Centro de Viena" is a part of the city, so still Location. The author is a person, so Person. That seems correct.
</think>

[["O autor do atentado", "Per"], ["pela polícia", "Org"], ["Viena", "Pl_capital"], ["centro de Viena", "Loc"]]