<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even parts like "to engine" and "a stopped engine" are included, which seems a bit odd, but maybe they're considering parts of the event as participants.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "According to the Public Relations source of the Porto PSP Metropolitan Command, the lighting post was knocked down by the truck's crane, hitting the man who was walking on the street."

Breaking it down, the main event is a lighting post being knocked down by a truck's crane, which then hits a man. The participants here would be the entities involved in this event. Let's list them out.

1. "Public Relations source" – this is a person or group providing information, so they're a participant.
2. "Porto PSP Metropolitan Command" – an organization, definitely a participant.
3. "lighting post" – the object that was knocked down, so it's involved.
4. "truck's crane" – the agent causing the action, so that's a participant.
5. "the man" – the victim, so he's a participant.
6. "the street" – maybe? The street is where the event happened, but is it considered a participant? The example included "airport" and "airports," so maybe places are included. But the definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The street might be impacted, but it's a location. Hmm, the example included "airport" and "airports," so perhaps locations are included. So I'll include "the street" as a participant with lower confidence.
7. "truck" – the crane is part of the truck, but the truck itself might be a participant. However, the text mentions the crane specifically. Maybe "truck" isn't explicitly mentioned, but the crane is part of the truck. So maybe "truck's crane" is the entity, not the truck itself. So I'll stick with "truck's crane."
8. "walking on the street" – this is an action, not an entity. So probably not a participant.

Now, checking the example again. The example included "airport" and "airports," so locations are included. So "the street" would be a participant. Also, "source" and "the same source" were included in the example. Here, "Public Relations source" is a participant. "Porto PSP Metropolitan Command" is an organization. The lighting post, the crane, the man, the street.

Confidence levels: "Public Relations source" is explicit, so high confidence (0.9). "Porto PSP Metropolitan Command" is also explicit, 0.9. "lighting post" is directly mentioned, 0.9. "truck's crane" is the cause, 0.9. "the man" is the victim, 0.9. "the street" is a location, maybe 0.7. "source" again, but in the example, "source" and "the same source" were included. Here, "Public Relations source" is a specific source, so maybe "source" is a participant. Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. So here, "Public Relations source" is a specific instance, but maybe "source" is also a participant. However, the input says "According to the Public Relations source of the Porto PSP Metropolitan Command..." So the source is part of the command. But in the example, "source" and "the same source" were included. So maybe "source" is a participant here. However, the user's example included "source" as a separate entity. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "source" and "the same source." So in this case, "Public Relations source" is a specific source, but maybe "source" is a participant. However, the user's example included "source" as a separate entity. But in the input here, the source is part of the Porto PSP. So maybe "Public Relations source" is the entity, and "source" is not needed. Wait, the example output had "source" and "the same source" as separate entries. So perhaps in this case, "Public Relations source" is the entity, and "source" is not explicitly mentioned. But the input says "According to the Public Relations source..." So the entity is "Public Relations source," not just "source." So maybe "source" isn't needed here. However, the example included "source" as a participant. But in this case, the source is part of the Porto PSP. So perhaps "Public Relations source" is the participant, and "source" is not a separate entity. Hmm, this is a bit confusing. The example included "source" and "the same source," but in this input, the source is a specific one. So maybe "Public Relations source" is the entity here, and "source" isn't a separate participant. Alternatively, maybe "source" is a participant. But the example included "source" even when it was part of another entity. For example, in the example, "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" were included. So maybe in this case, "Public Relations source" is the entity, and "source" is not a separate participant. But I'm not sure. Maybe I should include "Public Relations source" as the entity, and not "source" separately. Alternatively, maybe "source" is a participant. But the example included "source" as a separate entity. However, in the input, the source is part of the Porto PSP. So perhaps "Public Relations source" is the entity, and "source" is not a separate participant. This is a bit ambiguous. To be safe, I'll include "Public Relations source" as the entity, and not "source" separately.

So the participants would be:

- "Public Relations source of the Porto PSP Metropolitan Command" – but the example didn't include the entire phrase, just "source" and "the same source." Wait, in the example, the input had "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source" as separate entities. So in this case, "Public Relations source" is the entity. But the example included "source" as a participant. So maybe "source" is a participant here. However, the input says "Public Relations source of the Porto PSP Metropolitan Command," which is a specific source. So maybe "Public Relations source" is the entity, and "source" is not. Alternatively, maybe "source" is a participant. This is tricky. The example included "source" as a participant even when it was part of another entity. So perhaps in this case, "Public Relations source" is the entity, and "source" is not. But the example included "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. So maybe in this case, "Public Relations source" is the entity, and "source" is not. Hmm. Maybe I should include "Public Relations source" as the entity, and not "source" separately. Alternatively, maybe "source" is a participant. But the example included "source" even when it was part of another entity. So perhaps in this case, "source" is a participant. But the input says "Public Relations source of the Porto PSP Metropolitan Command," which is a specific source. So maybe "source" is not a separate entity here. I think I'll go with "Public Relations source" as the entity, and not include "source" separately. 

So the final list would be:

["Public Relations source of the Porto PSP Metropolitan Command", 0.9], ["Porto PSP Metropolitan Command", 0.9], ["lighting post", 0.9], ["truck's crane", 0.9], ["the man", 0.9], ["the street", 0.7]

Wait, but the example included "the same source" as a separate entity. In this case, the source is mentioned once, so maybe "Public Relations source" is the entity. Also, the example included "source" and "the same source" as separate entries. So perhaps in this case, "source" is a participant. But the input here says "Public Relations source of the Porto PSP Metropolitan Command," which is a specific source. So maybe "source" is not a separate entity here. Alternatively, maybe "source" is a participant. This is confusing. To match the example, maybe "source" is included. But the example had "source" and "the same source" as separate entries. In this case, the source is mentioned once, so maybe "source" is included. However, the input says "Public Relations source," which is a specific type of source. So perhaps "source" is not a separate entity here. I think I'll proceed with the entities I identified, including "Public Relations source," "Porto PSP Metropolitan Command," "lighting post," "truck's crane," "the man," and "the street."
</think>

[["Public Relations source of the Porto PSP Metropolitan Command", 0.9], ["Porto PSP Metropolitan Command", 0.9], ["lighting post", 0.9], ["truck's crane", 0.9], ["the man", 0.9], ["the street", 0.7]]