<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, organizations, places, etc., that are involved in the event.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "The victim was still transported alive to Santo António Hospital, but ended up dying." 

Looking for participants here. The main entities involved are "the victim" and "Santo António Hospital." The victim is the person who was transported and later died. The hospital is the place where the victim was taken. 

Wait, the example output included "the victim" as an entity. But in the example given in the task, they had "Plane" and "engine" as entities. However, in the example, "to engine" was also included, which seems like a prepositional phrase. But maybe in this case, "the victim" is the main participant. 

I need to check if "Santo António Hospital" is a participant. Since the victim was transported there, the hospital is involved in the event, so it should be included. 

Are there any other entities? The sentence mentions "dying," but that's an action, not an entity. The word "alive" is an adjective, not an entity. 

So the participants would be "the victim" and "Santo António Hospital." 

Now, confidence scores. "The victim" is explicitly mentioned, so confidence is high, maybe 0.95. "Santo António Hospital" is a proper noun, clearly named, so also high confidence, 0.95. 

Wait, but in the example output, they included "Lusa." and "source" as entities. However, in the current input, there's no mention of a source or any other organizations. So I should stick to the entities directly mentioned. 

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any other participants. The sentence doesn't mention any other entities like organizations or people beyond the victim and the hospital. So the final list should be those two entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["the victim", 0.95], ["Santo António Hospital", 0.95]]