<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence and provide them with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like people, organizations, places, etc., and even parts of things like "to engine" or "a stopped engine" might be considered.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "The structure also hit a gas station employee, who suffered minor injuries." 

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "structure," "gas station employee," and possibly "gas station" since it's part of the employee's location. The employee is a person involved, so that's a participant. The structure is the object that hit the employee, so it's an entity involved in the event. The gas station is a location, but the example includes "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants, so maybe locations are included. However, the example also includes "to engine" which is a part of the plane, so parts of objects might be considered as well.

Wait, in the example, "to engine" and "a stopped engine" are included. So parts or components of objects are considered participants. In this case, the structure is the main object, and the gas station employee is a person. The gas station itself might be a participant as a location, but the example includes "airport" as a participant. However, the example also includes "the airports" as a participant, which is a location. So maybe locations are included.

But the sentence here is about a structure hitting a gas station employee. The structure is the main actor here, and the employee is the victim. The gas station is the location where the employee was. So should "gas station" be included? The example includes "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So maybe yes. However, the example also includes "the airports" as a participant, which is a plural noun. In the current input, "gas station" is singular, but the entity would be "gas station."

Also, the employee is a person, so "gas station employee" is the participant. The structure is the object that hit the employee, so that's a participant. The example includes "plane" and "engine" as participants. So in this case, "structure" would be the participant. The employee is a person, so that's a participant. The gas station is a location, so maybe that's included as well.

Wait, but in the example, "airport" is included as a participant. So in this case, "gas station" would be a participant. However, the example also includes "the airports" as a participant. So maybe "gas station" is a participant here. However, the example also includes "Farnborough" and "England" as participants, which are locations. So "gas station" would be a location, hence a participant.

So the participants would be:

- "structure" (the object that hit the employee)
- "gas station employee" (the person involved)
- "gas station" (the location where the employee was)
- "minor injuries" (but the example doesn't include injuries, so maybe not)
- "employee" (but the example includes "employee" as part of the entity, like "gas station employee")

Wait, in the example, "a Public Security Police" is included as a participant. So the full name of the entity is included. In this case, "gas station employee" is the full entity. The structure is the main object. The gas station is the location. So the list would be:

["structure", 0.9], ["gas station employee", 0.8], ["gas station", 0.7]

But I need to check if "gas station" is a participant. The example includes "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So yes, locations are considered participants. Therefore, "gas station" is a participant. However, the example also includes "the airports" as a participant. So in this case, "gas station" is singular, but it's still a participant.

Another thing to consider is the confidence scores. The example has varying confidence levels. For "Plane" it's 0.85, "to engine" 0.6, etc. So I need to assign reasonable confidence scores based on how clearly the entity is mentioned.

"Structure" is clearly mentioned as the subject of the action. "Gas station employee" is explicitly mentioned as the one who suffered injuries. "Gas station" is the location where the employee was. So the confidence for "structure" would be high, maybe 0.9. "Gas station employee" is 0.8. "Gas station" is 0.7. 

I don't think "minor injuries" is a participant, as it's a result, not an entity. The example doesn't include such terms. So the final list would be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["structure", 0.9], ["gas station employee", 0.8], ["gas station", 0.7]]