<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The goal is to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts of phrases or specific terms are included with confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "In a statement, Porto City Council clarified, however, that the accident that caused the fall of an electricity pole involved a vehicle from the Porto Municipal Environmental Company and has already decided to find out what happened."

Breaking it down, the main event is an accident causing an electricity pole to fall. The participants here would be the entities involved in this event. 

Starting with "Porto City Council" – they made a statement, so they are definitely a participant. Then "Porto Municipal Environmental Company" is mentioned as the owner of the vehicle involved in the accident. The vehicle itself is part of the event, so "vehicle" might be a participant. The electricity pole is also involved as it fell due to the accident. 

Looking at the example output, they included phrases like "the airports" and "Farnborough, England" as separate entities. So here, "electricity pole" and "vehicle" would be entities. Also, "accident" is mentioned, but I'm not sure if that's a participant. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The accident is the event itself, not an entity, so maybe not. 

Wait, the example included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So maybe parts of the event that are objects or causes are included. So "electricity pole" and "vehicle" would be participants. 

Also, "Porto City Council" and "Porto Municipal Environmental Company" are organizations, so they are participants. The statement mentions that the council clarified the accident involved the vehicle from the company. So those two organizations are definitely participants. 

The phrase "has already decided to find out what happened" refers to the council's action, so the council is acting here. The vehicle is the one involved in the accident. The electricity pole is the object that fell. 

I should check for any other entities. "Porto" is mentioned as part of the city council, but "Porto" itself might be a location, but in the example, locations like "Lisbon" were included. However, in the example, "Lisbon" was listed multiple times. Here, "Porto" is part of the council's name, but maybe "Porto" as a city isn't a participant unless it's directly involved. The accident happened in Porto? The text doesn't specify the location, so maybe not. 

So the participants would be:

- Porto City Council (organization)
- Porto Municipal Environmental Company (organization)
- vehicle (object involved)
- electricity pole (object involved)

Are there any other entities? The word "accident" is part of the event but not an entity. The statement is made by the council, but the council is already listed. 

Confidence scores: "Porto City Council" and "Porto Municipal Environmental Company" are explicitly mentioned, so high confidence (0.95). "vehicle" and "electricity pole" are directly involved in the event, so maybe 0.8 each. 

Wait, in the example, "engine" was included as a participant. So here, "electricity pole" and "vehicle" are similar. Also, the example included "the same source" as a participant. Here, maybe "the accident" isn't a participant, but the objects involved are. 

So the final list would be:

["Porto City Council", 0.95], ["Porto Municipal Environmental Company", 0.95], ["vehicle", 0.8], ["electricity pole", 0.8]
</think>

[["Porto City Council", 0.95], ["Porto Municipal Environmental Company", 0.95], ["vehicle", 0.8], ["electricity pole", 0.8]]