<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "According to a source from the Guarda District Relief Operations Command (CDOS), the alert for the accident was given at 2:28 pm." The participants to classify are "source" and "Guarda District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)".

First, looking at "source". In the examples provided, "source" was classified as "Per" when it referred to a person or entity providing information. However, in the given example output, "source" was labeled as "Per" with confidence 0.8. But wait, in the example given in the task description, "source" was classified as "Per" when it was a person, like "a Public Security Police source" became "Per". However, in this case, the "source" is mentioned as "a source from the Guarda District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)". So the "source" here might be an individual, but the example might have different contexts. Wait, in the example given in the task, "source" was classified as "Per" when it was "a Public Security Police source", which is a person. But in the current input, "source" is just mentioned as "a source from CDOS". If the source is an individual, then it's "Per". However, if the source is an organization, then it would be "Org". But the way it's phrased here, "a source from CDOS" implies that the source is part of CDOS, which is an organization. So maybe "source" here is a person (Per) working under CDOS. But without more context, it's a bit ambiguous. However, in the example provided in the task, "source" was classified as "Per" when it was "a Public Security Police source", so perhaps "source" here is also "Per". But I need to check the definitions again. The definition says "Per" is for human individuals or fictitious human characters and divine entities. If the source is a person, then it's Per. If the source is an organization, then it's Org. But the phrase "a source from CDOS" could imply that the source is a person affiliated with CDOS. So I think "source" here is "Per" with high confidence.

Next, "Guarda District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)". This is an organization's name. The example in the task had "a Public Security Police" classified as "Org". Similarly, "Guarda District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)" is an organizational entity, so it should be "Org" with high confidence. 

So the classifications would be:
["source", "Per", 0.9], ["Guarda District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)", "Org", 0.95]
</think>

<Output>
[["source", "Per", 0.9], ["Guarda District Relief Operations Command (CDOS)", "Org", 0.95]]
</Output>