<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or affected by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" and "a stopped engine" are considered participants, so I need to be thorough.

Looking at the input: "“Apparently it was a mistake,” said the source, indicating that the causes of the accident are being investigated by the GNR’s Road Accident Crime Investigation Unit."

First, I'll parse the sentence. The main entities here are the source, the GNR’s Road Accident Crime Investigation Unit, and possibly the accident itself. The source is mentioned as the one speaking, so that's a participant. The GNR unit is the one investigating, so they are definitely a participant. The accident is the event being investigated, so that's another participant. 

Wait, the example included "the same source" as an entity. In this case, the source is mentioned once, so maybe just "the source" is enough. Also, "GNR’s Road Accident Crime Investigation Unit" is a specific organization, so that's a participant. The accident is the event, so it's a participant as well. 

I need to check if "GNR" is an acronym that should be expanded. The example didn't expand acronyms, so maybe just use the full name as given. Also, the word "accident" is mentioned, so that's a participant. 

Are there any other entities? The quote is from "the source," which is a participant. The GNR unit is another. The accident is the main event here. 

So the extracted entities would be: "the source," "GNR’s Road Accident Crime Investigation Unit," and "the accident." 

Now, assigning confidence scores. "the source" is explicitly mentioned, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. "GNR’s Road Accident Crime Investigation Unit" is a specific organization, so 0.9. "the accident" is the event being discussed, so 0.85. 

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as separate entities. In this case, it's just "the source," so maybe that's one entity. The GNR unit is another. The accident is another. 

I think that's all. Let me make sure there's no other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any other groups or individuals. The rest are just parts of the sentence structure. So the final list should be those three entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["the source", 0.95], ["GNR’s Road Accident Crime Investigation Unit", 0.9], ["the accident", 0.85]]