<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify each of the given participants into the correct category with a confidence score.

First, the sentence: "Durante uma busca domiciliária, a PSP apreendeu ao desempregado heroína suficiente para cerca de 599 doses individuais e cocaína suficiente para cerca de 235 doses individuais."

Participants to classify are ["a PSP", "ao desempregado", "heroína", "cocaína"].

Starting with "a PSP". PSP stands for Polícia de Segurança Pública, which is a government organization in Portugal. So that's an Org. Confidence is high, maybe 0.95.

Next, "ao desempregado". "Desempregado" means unemployed person, so that's a human individual. The preposition "ao" is part of the phrase, but the entity is the person. So Per. Confidence around 0.9.

Then "heroína" and "cocaína" are drugs. The classes are Obj for manmade objects, but drugs are substances. Wait, the Obj category is for tangible, manmade objects. Drugs are substances, which might be considered as Obj? Or maybe Other? Let me check the definitions again.

Looking at the classes: Obj is for tangible, manmade objects. Nat is natural entities. Other is for entities not fitting elsewhere. Heroína and cocaína are drugs, which are manmade substances. So Obj? But the example for Obj includes "a cadeira" (chair). Maybe drugs are considered Obj here. Alternatively, if they are substances, maybe Other? Hmm. The example for Other includes "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burned), which is a sensory experience. But drugs are physical substances. Since they are manmade, Obj might be correct. So I'll go with Obj for both, confidence around 0.85 each.

Wait, but the user's example had "a cadeira" as Obj. So if heroína is a substance, maybe it's Obj. Alternatively, if it's considered a drug, which is a category not covered by the existing classes, maybe Other. But the instructions say to use the given classes. Since Obj includes manmade objects, and drugs are manmade, even if they're substances, Obj might be the right choice. I'll stick with Obj for both.
</think>

<Output>[["a PSP", "Org", 0.95], ["ao desempregado", "Per", 0.9], ["heroína", "Obj", 0.85], ["cocaína", "Obj", 0.85]]</Output>