<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. The example they provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, etc., and even things like "o motor" (the engine) if they are relevant.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Segundo a PSP, o detido é hoje presente às Autoridades Judiciárias." 

Breaking this down, the main entities here are "a PSP" (PSP, which is the Portuguese Police), "o detido" (the detainee), and "Autoridades Judiciárias" (Judicial Authorities). 

Now, I need to check if these are all participants. According to the definition, participants are those involved or impacted. The PSP is mentioned as the source, so they are involved. The detainee is the subject being presented to the authorities, so they are definitely a participant. The Judicial Authorities are the ones receiving the detainee, so they are also participants.

Are there any other entities? The sentence structure is straightforward. "Segundo" (according to) introduces the source, which is "a PSP". Then "o detido" is the person involved, and "Autoridades Judiciárias" are the authorities. No other entities seem to be present here. 

Now, considering the example output, they included repeated entities like "o motor" multiple times. But in this case, each entity is mentioned once. However, I need to check if "a PSP" and "as Autoridades Judiciárias" are considered as single entities. Also, "o detido" is a person, so that's a participant.

Confidence scores: I'm pretty confident about these three. "a PSP" is a known organization, "o detido" is clearly the subject, and "Autoridades Judiciárias" are the authorities. I might give them high confidence, maybe 0.9 or 1.0. But since the example had some lower scores, maybe 0.9 for each. Wait, the example had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" with 0.8 and 0.7, but in this case, the entities are more clear. So I think 0.95 for each would be safe.

So the final list would be:
- "a PSP", 0.95
- "o detido", 0.95
- "Autoridades Judiciárias", 0.95

I need to make sure there are no other entities. The word "hoje" is a time indicator, not a participant. "presente" is a verb, not an entity. So no other entities here. That should be it.
</think>

[["a PSP", 0.95], ["o detido", 0.95], ["Autoridades Judiciárias", 0.95]]