<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "“Não houve maneira de reverter a situação dos ferimentos”, referiu fonte do Cometlis." And the participants to classify are "fonte" and "Cometlis".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier used classes like Obj, Fac, Pl_capital, etc. Wait, but in the example output, they used abbreviations like "Pl_capital" for Location (like Lisboa as a capital), "Org" for Organization, "Per" for Person, "Fac" for Facility, and "Obj" for Object. So I need to follow those abbreviations as per the example.

Looking at the first participant: "fonte". In the input, it's "fonte do Cometlis". The word "fonte" translates to "source" in English. In the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person). But here, "fonte" is used as a source, which could be a person or an organization. However, in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" even though it's a source. But in this case, the "fonte" is from "Cometlis", which is an organization. Wait, but the example had "fonte" as "Per" and "a mesma fonte" as "Per" as well. So maybe in this context, "fonte" refers to a person, even if it's a source. But here, the "fonte" is from Cometlis. Let me check the example again. In the example, "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" was classified as "Per", but the police is an organization. So maybe "fonte" here is a person, even if they are from an organization. So in this case, "fonte" would be "Per".

Then "Cometlis" is the name of an organization. In the example, "companhia aérea Jota Aviation" was classified as "Org", and "a ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" as "Org". So "Cometlis" is likely an organization, so "Org".

So the classifications would be:

["fonte", "Per"], ["Cometlis", "Org"]

I need to make sure there are no other possible classifications. "Fonte" isn't a location, object, or facility. It's a person here. Cometlis is an organization. That seems right.
</think>

[["fonte", "Per"], ["Cometlis", "Org"]]