<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is about a court in Guimarães condemning a man for violating his friend who allowed him to stay overnight. The Procuradoria Regional is mentioned as the source.

Starting with the main entities. The tribunal de Guimarães is definitely a participant, as it's the court involved. The man is the individual who was condemned. The friend (amiga) is another participant since she was the victim. The Procuradoria Regional is an organization that provided the information. 

Now, looking for other possible entities. The term "uma vida desestruturada" is a description of the man, not an entity. The prison sentence is an action, not an entity. The location Guimarães is part of the tribunal's name, so maybe "Guimarães" is a participant? But the tribunal is the entity, not the city itself. The "amiga" is the friend, so that's a participant. The "pernoita" (stay) is an action, not an entity. 

Wait, the output example included "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as participants. So maybe locations are considered participants if they are part of the event. But in this case, the tribunal is in Guimarães, but the city itself isn't an entity here. The Procuradoria Regional is an organization. 

I need to check if "a amiga" is considered a participant. Since she was the victim, yes. The man is the actor. The tribunal is the institution involved. The Procuradoria Regional is the source. 

Are there any other entities? The prison sentence is a legal action, not an entity. The term "quatro anos e meio de prisão" is the penalty, not an entity. 

So the participants would be: tribunal de Guimarães, o homem, a amiga, Procuradoria Regional. 

Wait, in the example, they included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as participants. So even if the entity is a part of something, like a motor, it's included. In this case, the man is the main actor, the friend is the victim, the tribunal is the institution, and the Procuradoria is the organization providing info. 

I should also check if "informou hoje a Procuradoria Regional" means that the Procuradoria is the one informing, so they are a participant. 

So the list would be:

- tribunal de Guimarães
- o homem
- a amiga
- Procuradoria Regional

But wait, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In the input, the source is "a Procuradoria Regional", so maybe "a Procuradoria Regional" is the entity. 

Also, the example had "aeroporto" and "Lisboa" as separate entries. But in this case, "Guimarães" is part of the tribunal's name, so maybe "tribunal de Guimarães" is the entity, not just "Guimarães". 

I need to make sure each entity is correctly identified. The man is referred to as "um homem", "o homem", and "ele" (if any), but in the text, it's "um homem" and "o homem". The friend is "a amiga". The tribunal is "O tribunal de Guimarães". The Procuradoria Regional is mentioned once. 

So the final list with confidence scores. The tribunal is definitely a participant (0.9). The man is 0.9. The friend is 0.9. The Procuradoria is 0.9. 

Wait, the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as participants. In this case, the source is "a Procuradoria Regional", so maybe "a Procuradoria Regional" is the entity, and "fonte" is not present here. 

So the output should be:

[
  ["tribunal de Guimarães", 0.9],
  ["um homem", 0.9],
  ["a amiga", 0.9],
  ["Procuradoria Regional", 0.9]
]

But wait, in the example, they included "o motor" and "a aeronave" as separate entries. So maybe "o homem" and "um homem" are considered different, but in this case, they refer to the same person. However, the example included both "Um avião" and "O avião" as separate entries. So maybe in this case, "um homem" and "o homem" are separate entries. 

So I need to list all mentions. The text says "um homem" and "o homem", so both would be included. Also, "a amiga" is mentioned once. The tribunal is mentioned once. The Procuradoria is mentioned once. 

So the list would be:

[
  ["tribunal de Guimarães", 0.9],
  ["um homem", 0.9],
  ["o homem", 0.9],
  ["a amiga", 0.9],
  ["Procuradoria Regional", 0.9]
]

But the example had "Lisboa" multiple times. However, in this case, "Guimarães" is part of the tribunal's name, so it's included once. 

I think that's all. The confidence is high for each as they are clearly mentioned.
</think>

[["tribunal de Guimarães", 0.95], ["um homem", 0.9], ["o homem", 0.9], ["a amiga", 0.9], ["Procuradoria Regional", 0.9]]