<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example they provided includes things like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., with confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The input is: "Georgian state television, Mtavari TV, reported that the kidnapper is armed with a hand grenade and is demanding $500,000 (about 420,000 euros) in cash."

So, the main event here is a kidnapping. The participants would be the ones involved in this situation. Let's break down the sentence.

"Georgian state television" is mentioned first. That's an organization, so that's a participant. Then "Mtavari TV" is the name of the TV station, which is part of the Georgian state television. So that's another entity. 

Next, "the kidnapper" is clearly a participant. The kidnapper is the one involved in the kidnapping. The kidnapper is armed with a hand grenade, but the grenade itself is an object, not a participant. The money demanded is $500,000, but that's a sum, not an entity. The euros conversion is just additional info, not an entity.

So the main participants here are:
- Georgian state television
- Mtavari TV
- the kidnapper

Wait, but in the example, they included things like "a Public Security Police" and "airline Jota Aviation" as participants. So even if the entity is a group or organization, they are included. Also, "source" was included in the example, but in this case, the source is the TV station. So "Georgian state television" and "Mtavari TV" are both entities here. 

But wait, "Georgian state television" and "Mtavari TV" might be the same entity. The sentence says "Georgian state television, Mtavari TV, reported..." So Mtavari TV is the name of the Georgian state television. So maybe they are the same, but in the example, they included both "Georgian state television" and "Mtavari TV" as separate entities. However, the user's example included "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entities. So perhaps even if they are the same, they are listed as separate. But I need to check if they are distinct. 

In this case, "Georgian state television" is the organization, and "Mtavari TV" is the specific TV station. So they are two different entities. But maybe the user would consider them as one. However, the example included both "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entries. So perhaps even if they are the same, they are listed as separate. So I should list both "Georgian state television" and "Mtavari TV" as separate entities. 

Then, "the kidnapper" is another participant. The rest are objects or money, which are not participants. So the participants are the three entities mentioned. 

Now, confidence scores. For "Georgian state television" and "Mtavari TV," they are explicitly mentioned, so high confidence, maybe 0.95 each. "the kidnapper" is also explicitly mentioned, so 0.95. 

Wait, but the example output included "the same source" as a participant. In this case, the source is the TV station, so maybe "Georgian state television" and "Mtavari TV" are the source. But in the example, "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" were both included. So here, "Georgian state television" and "Mtavari TV" are the source, but they are two different entities. However, in the input, they are presented as a single entity with a comma. So maybe they are considered as one. But the example included both "a Public Security Police" and "the same source" as separate entities. So perhaps in this case, "Georgian state television" and "Mtavari TV" are two separate entities. 

Alternatively, maybe "Georgian state television" is the organization, and "Mtavari TV" is the specific name, so both are participants. 

So the final list would be:

["Georgian state television", 0.95], ["Mtavari TV", 0.95], ["the kidnapper", 0.95]

But wait, the example included "source" as a participant. In the example input, the source was mentioned as "a Public Security Police source" and "the same source." So in this case, the source is the TV station. But the user's instruction says participants are entities involved or impacted. The TV station is reporting the event, so they are involved. So they are participants. 

Therefore, the three entities are correct. The other elements like "hand grenade," "cash," "euros" are not participants. 

So the JSON array should be:

[["Georgian state television", 0.95], ["Mtavari TV", 0.95], ["the kidnapper", 0.95]]
</think>

[["Georgian state television", 0.95], ["Mtavari TV", 0.95], ["the kidnapper", 0.95]]