<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input and the classes provided. The input is a sentence about Mtavari TV speaking to hostages who say an attacker is holding 19 people in banking facilities. The participants to classify are ["Mtavari TV", "hostages", "attacker", "banking facilities", "19 people"].

Starting with "Mtavari TV". That sounds like a media organization, so it's probably an Org. The example given for Org was "A EDP" which is a company. Mtavari TV is likely a television station, so Org makes sense. Confidence around 0.9.

Next, "hostages". These are people being held against their will. The Per class is for human individuals or characters. Hostages are people, so Per. Confidence high, maybe 0.95.

"Attacker" is a person who attacks, so definitely a Per. Confidence 0.95.

"Banking facilities" – facilities are buildings or places where banking occurs. The Fac class is for facilities. So that's Fac. Confidence 0.85.

"19 people" – this is a group of humans. Since it's a number plus "people", it's a collective noun. The class Per is for individuals or groups. But wait, the definition says Per is for individuals or fictitious human characters. However, "19 people" is a group, but each person is an individual. However, the example given for Per was "O rapaz" (the boy), which is singular. But the class might still apply to groups if they are considered as participants. Alternatively, maybe "Other" if it's a number. Wait, looking back at the classes: Other is for entities not fitting others, like "um cheiro a queimado" (a smell of burnt). But "19 people" is a group of humans. The class Per includes groups? The example for Per was singular, but the definition says "individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities". Wait, the definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, etc. So "hostages" were classified as Per, which is a group. So "19 people" is a group of individuals, so Per. But the example given for Per was singular. Hmm. Maybe the class Per can include groups. So "19 people" would be Per. But I need to check the examples again. In the first example, "hostages" were classified as Per. So yes, groups can be Per. So "19 people" is Per. Confidence maybe 0.85.

Wait, but "19 people" is a number. The example had "O rapaz" (a boy) as Per. But "19 people" is a quantity. However, the participants are the entities involved. The hostages are people, the attacker is a person, and the 19 people are the ones being held. So they are participants as people. So Per. So I think that's correct. So the classifications would be:

Mtavari TV: Org
hostages: Per
attacker: Per
banking facilities: Fac
19 people: Per

Confidences need to be between 0 and 1. For Mtavari TV, high confidence. Hostages and attacker are clear. Banking facilities as Fac. 19 people as Per. Let me check again. The "banking facilities" are places, so Fac. Yes. The "19 people" is a group of people, so Per. So the output should be as such.
</think>

<Output>[["Mtavari TV", "Org", 0.95], ["hostages", "Per", 0.95], ["attacker", "Per", 0.95], ["banking facilities", "Fac", 0.85], ["19 people", "Per", 0.85]]</Output>