<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "Mtavari TV managed to speak to one of the hostages who indicated that the attacker is holding 19 people inside the banking facilities."

First, I need to identify all entities here. Let's break it down.

"Mtavari TV" is a media organization, so that's a participant. Then there's "one of the hostages" – hostages are definitely participants as they're involved. The "attacker" is another key participant. The "banking facilities" might be considered as a location, but the definition includes entities impacted, so maybe that's a participant too. The number 19 people – but the text says "19 people," but the actual people aren't named, just the count. However, the term "people" here refers to the hostages, so maybe "people" is a participant. Wait, but the example given in the task includes things like "airport" and "Lisbon" as participants. So maybe locations are included.

Wait, the example output includes "airport" and "Lisbon" as entities. So even if they are locations, they are considered participants. So in this case, "banking facilities" would be a location, hence a participant. Also, the "hostages" are a group, so that's a participant. The "attacker" is an individual, so that's a participant. The "one of the hostages" is a specific individual, but since they are not named, maybe just "hostages" as a group. However, the example includes "a Public Security Police" as an entity, so even if it's a group, it's included. 

Wait, the example output includes "the same source" as an entity. So in the input, "source" is mentioned, but in the output, it's included. So in the current input, "Mtavari TV" is an organization, "hostages" as a group, "attacker" as an individual, "banking facilities" as a location. Also, "19 people" – but the people are the hostages, so maybe "people" is redundant here. But the example includes "engine" as a participant. So maybe parts of the sentence that are objects or subjects are considered. 

Wait, the example output includes "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities. So even phrases that are noun phrases, even if they are parts of the sentence, are considered. So in the current input, "hostages" is a noun phrase, "attacker" is a noun, "banking facilities" is a noun phrase. "Mtavari TV" is an organization. 

So putting it all together:

- Mtavari TV (organization)
- hostages (group)
- attacker (individual)
- banking facilities (location)
- 19 people (group, but the text says "19 people" which is a count, but the actual participants are the hostages. However, the example includes numbers like "19 people" as entities. Wait, in the example, "engine" is included, but in the input, "engine failure" is mentioned. So maybe the exact phrases are extracted. 

Wait, the example output includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entities. So in the current input, "hostages" and "attacker" are entities. Also, "banking facilities" is a location. The "19 people" is a count, but the example includes "19 people" as a participant. Wait, looking back at the example input and output:

In the example input, the output includes "the airports" and "Farnborough, England, Lisbon" as entities. So locations are included. Also, "engine" is included. So in the current input, "banking facilities" is a location, so that's a participant. 

So the entities would be:

- Mtavari TV (confidence high)
- hostages (confidence high)
- attacker (confidence high)
- banking facilities (confidence medium)
- 19 people (confidence medium, but maybe the number is part of the entity. Wait, the example includes "19 people" as an entity. Wait, in the example input, the output includes "the airports" and "Farnborough", "England", "Lisbon". So the exact phrases. In the current input, "19 people" is a phrase, so that's an entity. But the user might consider "19 people" as a group, but since they are not named, maybe the confidence is lower. 

Wait, the example output includes "the same source" as an entity. So even if it's a reference, it's included. So in the current input, "one of the hostages" is a specific individual, but since they are not named, maybe "hostages" is the entity. 

So compiling the list:

["Mtavari TV", 0.9], ["hostages", 0.8], ["attacker", 0.8], ["banking facilities", 0.7], ["19 people", 0.6]

But I need to check if "19 people" is considered a participant. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, etc. So "19 people" refers to the group of hostages, but the exact count is mentioned. However, the example includes "engine" as an entity, which is an object. So maybe "19 people" is included as a participant. Alternatively, maybe the count is not a participant, but the group is. But the example includes "19 people" as a participant. Wait, looking back at the example input:

The example input mentions "19 people" in the output as "19 people" with confidence. Wait, no, in the example output, the user's example input is about a plane landing, and the output includes "engine", "a stopped engine", etc. The example output does not include numbers like "19 people" but in the current input, the user's example output includes "19 people" as an entity. Wait, no, the example given by the user in the task is:

Input: "Plane makes emergency landing at Lisbon airport due to engine failure..."

Output: ["Plane", "to engine", "A plane", "engine", ... "19 people" is not in that example. Wait, the example output includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities. So in the current input, "hostages", "attacker", "banking facilities", "19 people", "Mtavari TV".

But the user's example output includes "the airports" as an entity. So in the current input, "banking facilities" is a location, so that's included. "19 people" is a count, but the example includes "engine" as a noun. So maybe "19 people" is considered a participant. However, the exact phrase is "19 people", so that's an entity. But the confidence might be lower because it's a count. Alternatively, maybe the count is not a participant, but the people are. But since they are not named, perhaps "hostages" is the main participant, and "19 people" is redundant. But the example includes "engine" as an entity, which is an object, so maybe "19 people" is also included. 

Alternatively, maybe "19 people" is not a participant but a number. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The 19 people are the hostages, so "hostages" is the participant, and "19 people" is a description of the number. But the example includes "engine" as an entity, so maybe the exact phrases are taken. 

I think the safest approach is to include all noun phrases that are participants, even if they are counts. So "19 people" would be included. But I need to check the example again. The example output includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entities. So in the current input, "hostages" and "attacker" are entities. "banking facilities" is a location. "19 people" is a count, but since it's part of the sentence, it's included. 

So the final list would be:

[
  ["Mtavari TV", 0.9],
  ["hostages", 0.8],
  ["attacker", 0.8],
  ["banking facilities", 0.7],
  ["19 people", 0.6]
]

But I need to make sure that "19 people" is a participant. Since the attacker is holding them, they are impacted, so yes. So including that. Also, the example includes "source" as an entity, even though it's a role. So in this case, "hostages" is a group, "attacker" is an individual, "banking facilities" is a location, "Mtavari TV" is an organization, and "19 people" is a count of the hostages. So all are participants.
</think>

[["Mtavari TV", 0.9], ["hostages", 0.8], ["attacker", 0.8], ["banking facilities", 0.7], ["19 people", 0.6]]