<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what counts as a participant. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input example, the output includes entities like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they're repeated. The confidence scores vary, so I need to assess each entity's relevance and certainty.

Now, the new input is: "Um homem morreu hoje após ser atacado por um tubarão quando nadava numa praia na costa ocidental da Austrália, naquela que é a oitava morte do género no país este ano, noticiam as agências internacionais."

Breaking this down, the main event is a man being attacked by a shark. The participants here would be the man, the shark, the beach, the western coast of Australia, the international agencies, and possibly the country (Australia). Let's list them:

1. "Um homem" – the victim, definitely a participant.
2. "um tubarão" – the attacker, so a participant.
3. "praia" – the location where the attack happened, so a participant.
4. "costa ocidental da Austrália" – the specific location, part of the event's context.
5. "Austrália" – the country, involved as the location.
6. "agências internacionais" – the news agencies reporting, so participants as sources.

Wait, the example output included repeated entities. For instance, "Lisboa" appears multiple times. In this case, "Austrália" might be mentioned once, but "costa ocidental da Austrália" is a specific location. Should I split them? The example included both "Lisboa" and "os aeroportos" even if they refer to the same place. So maybe I should include each mention as a separate entity.

Also, "oitava morte do género no país este ano" – the eighth death of this type in the country this year. The country here is Australia, so "Austrália" again. But the example didn't include numbers like "oitava" as entities. The focus is on the entities, not the numbers.

"noticiam as agências internacionais" – the international agencies are the ones reporting, so they are participants. The example included "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as participants.

So compiling all:

- "Um homem" (confidence high, maybe 0.9)
- "um tubarão" (0.9)
- "praia" (0.8)
- "costa ocidental da Austrália" (0.8)
- "Austrália" (0.9)
- "agências internacionais" (0.8)

Wait, the example included "os aeroportos" and "Farnborough" as separate entities. So in this case, "praia" is a participant, "costa ocidental da Austrália" is a location, and "Austrália" is the country. Are they all separate? Yes, because they are different levels of specificity.

Also, "naquela que é a oitava morte do género no país este ano" – "país" refers to Australia, so "Austrália" again. But the example had "Lisboa" repeated, so maybe I should include "Austrália" again here, but the user might not want duplicates. However, the example included duplicates, so perhaps I should include all mentions. Wait, in the example, "Lisboa" appears multiple times, but in the output, it's listed each time. So even if it's the same entity, each mention is listed. So in this case, "Austrália" is mentioned once in "costa ocidental da Austrália" and once in "no país". So both instances would be included.

Wait, the input says "na costa ocidental da Austrália" and "no país este ano". So "Austrália" is mentioned once in the first part, and "país" refers to Australia in the second part. So "Austrália" and "país" (which is Australia) would both be entities. But the example didn't include "país" as an entity, only the explicit names. Hmm, this is a bit tricky. The example included "Lisboa" and "os aeroportos" as separate entities. So maybe "país" here should be considered as "Austrália" again, but since it's not explicitly named, perhaps it's not included. Wait, but the example included "Lisboa" even when it was part of a larger phrase like "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado". So maybe in this case, "Austrália" is included once, and "país" is not, since it's not explicitly named. Alternatively, "país" might be inferred as Australia, but the example didn't do that. The example included "Lisboa" and "os aeroportos" as separate entities, even though "os aeroportos" is plural. So perhaps in this case, "Austrália" is included once, and "país" is not, since it's not explicitly named. But the user might expect "Austrália" to be included once. Let me check the example again.

In the example, "Lisboa" is mentioned multiple times, like "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado, em Lisboa", "Lisboa", "os aeroportos", etc. So each mention is included as a separate entity. So in the current input, "Austrália" is mentioned once, and "país" is not explicitly named as Australia, so maybe not included. However, "costa ocidental da Austrália" includes "Austrália" explicitly, so that's one instance. The "país" is a pronoun referring to Australia, but since it's not explicitly named, perhaps it's not included. The example didn't include pronouns or references unless they were explicitly named. So "Austrália" is included once, and "país" is not.

So the entities would be:

- "Um homem" (0.9)
- "um tubarão" (0.9)
- "praia" (0.8)
- "costa ocidental da Austrália" (0.8)
- "Austrália" (0.9)
- "agências internacionais" (0.8)

Wait, but the example included "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as entities. So in this case, "noticiam as agências internacionais" – "agências internacionais" are the participants. So that's included.

Now, checking for other possible entities. The example included "o ‘site’" as an entity. In this input, there's no mention of a website, so that's not needed here.

So the final list would be:

["Um homem", 0.9], ["um tubarão", 0.9], ["praia", 0.8], ["costa ocidental da Austrália", 0.8], ["Austrália", 0.9], ["agências internacionais", 0.8]

But wait, the example had "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So in this case, "um tubarão" and "tubarão" (if mentioned) would be separate. But in the input, it's "um tubarão", so that's one instance. The example included "O avião" and "o avião" as separate entries. So in this case, "Um homem" and "um homem" would be separate if they appear multiple times. However, in the input, "Um homem" is mentioned once. So no duplicates here.

Another thing: the example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. So even if the same entity is mentioned with different articles, they are considered separate. So in this case, "um tubarão" is the only mention, so that's one entry.

Therefore, the final list should be as above. Now, converting that into the required JSON format.
</think>

[["Um homem", 0.9], ["um tubarão", 0.9], ["praia", 0.8], ["costa ocidental da Austrália", 0.8], ["Austrália", 0.9], ["agências internacionais", 0.8]]