<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and assign a confidence score to each. The example provided shows that participants can be entities like people, groups, organizations, or even objects that are involved in the event.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "A polícia matou depois o tubarão, que se manteve na zona por quase meia hora após o ataque, e fechou a praia, famosa pelos seus 22 quilómetros de areia branca."

Breaking it down, the main actions here are the police killing the shark and closing the beach. The participants would be the police, the shark, the beach, and maybe the location mentioned (the beach is described as having 22 km of white sand, but the name isn't given, so maybe just "a praia" as the entity).

Looking at the example output, they included things like "Avião", "o motor", etc., even if they were repeated. So I should check for all mentions, even if they're the same entity mentioned multiple times with different articles or pronouns.

In the input sentence, "A polícia" is the subject performing the action. Then "o tubarão" is the object being killed. "A praia" is the entity that was closed. The phrase "famosa pelos seus 22 quilómetros de areia branca" is a descriptor of the beach, but since the beach itself is the entity, I should include "a praia" as the participant. The location isn't named beyond "a praia," so that's the only entity there.

Now, checking for possible other participants. The shark is "o tubarão," and the police are "A polícia." The beach is "a praia." The sentence doesn't mention any other entities like organizations or groups beyond the police. The phrase "a praia" is mentioned once, but in the example, they included "Lisboa" multiple times if it was mentioned in different contexts. Here, "a praia" is mentioned once, but maybe "a praia" and "a praia, famosa..." are considered the same entity. However, the example included "os aeroportos" and "Farnborough" as separate entities even if they were part of the same sentence. So I should list each occurrence as separate entries, even if they refer to the same entity.

Wait, in the example, "Lisboa" was listed multiple times. So in this case, "a praia" is mentioned once, but maybe "a praia" and "a praia, famosa..." are the same entity. However, the instruction says to extract all participants, even if they are the same entity mentioned in different contexts. So I should list each instance as a separate entry with the same entity name but different confidence if needed. However, the example didn't differentiate between "Lisboa" and "Lisboa" again, just listed them as separate entries. So maybe I should list each occurrence as a separate entity, even if they are the same.

So the entities here would be:

- "A polícia" (the police)
- "o tubarão" (the shark)
- "a praia" (the beach)
- "a praia, famosa pelos seus 22 quilómetros de areia branca" (the beach with the description)

But in the example, they included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as an entity, which is a specific name. Here, the beach isn't named, so it's just "a praia." However, the description might be part of the entity's name? The example didn't include descriptions, just the entity names. For example, in the input, "aeroporto" was listed as an entity, and "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as another. So in this case, "a praia" is the entity, and the description is just an adjective, so it's not part of the entity name. Therefore, "a praia" is the entity, and the description is just a descriptor.

So the participants would be:

- "A polícia"
- "o tubarão"
- "a praia"
- "a praia" (again, but the example included duplicates, so maybe that's acceptable)

Wait, but in the example, they had "Lisboa" listed multiple times. So even if the same entity is mentioned again, it's included as a separate entry. So here, "a praia" is mentioned once, but the sentence structure has "a praia" and then "a praia, famosa..." which is the same entity. So I should list "a praia" once, but maybe the example includes duplicates. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, "Lisboa" was mentioned multiple times, and in the output, it's listed as ["Lisboa", ...], multiple times. So even if the same entity is mentioned again, it's included as separate entries. Therefore, in this case, "a praia" is mentioned once, but in the sentence, it's "a praia" and then "a praia, famosa..." which is the same entity. So I should list "a praia" once, but maybe the example includes it once. Wait, in the example, "Lisboa" was listed multiple times, but in the input, it was mentioned in different contexts. Here, "a praia" is mentioned once, but the description is part of the same mention. So I think it's just "a praia" once.

Now, confidence scores. The police are clearly the actors here, so high confidence. The shark is the object, also high confidence. The beach is the entity that was closed, so also high confidence. The other parts of the sentence are descriptions or actions, not entities. So the confidence for each would be high, maybe 0.9 or 1.0.

Wait, but the example had some entries with lower confidence. For example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" had confidence scores. But in this case, the entities are more clear. So I can assign high confidence to all three: "A polícia", "o tubarão", "a praia".

But wait, the example included "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entities. So in this case, "A polícia" and "a polícia" (if there were different forms) would be separate entries. But in the input, it's "A polícia" once. So just "A polícia" once. Similarly, "o tubarão" is once, and "a praia" once.

So the final list would be:

["A polícia", 1.0], ["o tubarão", 1.0], ["a praia", 1.0]

But wait, the example included "no Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" as an entity. In this case, the beach isn't named, so it's just "a praia". However, the example included "os aeroportos" as an entity, which is a plural form. So in this case, "a praia" is singular, so that's correct.

Another thing to check: the police are an organization, the shark is an animal, the beach is a location. All are participants in the event. The actions are killing the shark and closing the beach. So those are the participants.

I think that's all. Let me make sure there are no other entities. The sentence doesn't mention any other groups, organizations, or individuals. The beach is the only location mentioned besides the general area "zona", but "zona" is not a specific entity. So the answer should be the three entities listed.
</think>

[["A polícia", 1.0], ["o tubarão", 1.0], ["a praia", 1.0]]