<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they belong to based on the input text. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Let me start by reading the input again carefully.

The input is: "Um homem de 66 anos ficou hoje à tarde gravemente ferido depois de ter sido eletrocutado, em Oleiros, no distrito de Castelo Branco, disse à agência Lusa fonte do Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro."

Participants to classify are:
["Um homem de 66 anos", "Oleiros", "Castelo Branco", "agência Lusa", "fonte", "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro"]

Starting with "Um homem de 66 anos". This clearly refers to a person, so that's "Person".

Next, "Oleiros" and "Castelo Branco". Both are names of places. Oleiros is a municipality in Portugal, and Castelo Branco is a district. So both are Locations. But wait, the classes include Location, which is a broader category. So they should be classified under Location.

"agência Lusa" is an organization. Lusa is the Portuguese news agency, so that's "Organization".

"fonte" translates to "source". In the context, it's referring to a person or entity providing information. The original example had "fonte" classified as "Per" (Person). But here, the "fonte" is mentioned as "fonte do Comando Distrital...", which might imply it's a person from the organization. However, in the example given, "fonte" was classified as "Per" even though it's a generic term. So maybe here it's also "Person".

"Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro" is an organization, specifically a command of the fire department. So that's "Organization".

Wait, but in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person) even though it's a generic term. So in this case, "fonte" would be "Per" as well. Let me check the example again. In the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" were both classified as "Per". So yes, even though it's a generic term, it's considered a person here.

So putting it all together:

- "Um homem de 66 anos" → Person
- "Oleiros" → Location
- "Castelo Branco" → Location
- "agência Lusa" → Organization
- "fonte" → Person
- "Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro" → Organization

I need to make sure there are no other classifications. For example, "no distrito de Castelo Branco" in the input, but the participant is just "Castelo Branco", which is a location. The "distrito" part isn't in the participants list, so it's okay. Also, "agência Lusa" is an organization, and "Comando Distrital..." is an organization. "fonte" is a person. All set.
</think>

[["Um homem de 66 anos", "Per"], ["Oleiros", "Loc"], ["Castelo Branco", "Loc"], ["agência Lusa", "Org"], ["fonte", "Per"], ["Comando Distrital de Operações de Socorro", "Org"]]