<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "Segundo a mesma fonte, o alerta foi dado às 16:18, tendo a vítima sido transportada diretamente para o Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra."

Participants to classify are: ["a mesma fonte", "a vítima", "Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra", "Coimbra"]

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had some specific classifications like "Pl_capital" for cities, but in the current task, the classes are more general. Wait, looking back, the user provided classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So, for example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital" in the example, but in the current task, maybe "Location" is the class for places like cities. But the example output had "Pl_capital" as a subclass under Location? Wait, no, the user's example output used "Pl_capital" as a class, but the classes listed are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Hmm, maybe there's a discrepancy here. Wait, looking back at the user's initial message:

The classes are: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. But in the example output, they used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" etc. But that might have been part of the example's specific classification, but the user now says to use the classes as listed. Wait, the user's instruction says:

"Classes:
Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other"

So in the example, they used "Pl_capital" but that might have been a mistake. Wait, no, looking at the example output:

In the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the current classes, that should be "Location". Maybe the example was using more specific subclasses, but the user now wants the broader classes. Wait, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed, so "Location" instead of "Pl_capital".

Wait, but the user's example output included "Pl_capital" as a class. However, in the current task, the user says to use the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example was incorrect, and the user wants the current classification to use the main classes, not the more specific ones like "Pl_capital".

So, for the current task, I need to classify each entity into one of the main classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

Let's go through each participant:

1. "a mesma fonte": In the input, "fonte" refers to a source, which is a person or an organization. In the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person), and "a mesma fonte" as "Per". So here, "a mesma fonte" is a person, so class "Person".

2. "a vítima": "Vítima" is a person, so "Person".

3. "Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra": This is a hospital, which is a facility. So "Facility".

4. "Coimbra": This is a city, which is a location. So "Location".

Wait, but in the example, "Lisboa" was classified as "Pl_capital", but according to the current classes, it's "Location". So here, "Coimbra" is a city, so "Location".

So the classifications would be:

["a mesma fonte", "Person"], ["a vítima", "Person"], ["Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra", "Facility"], ["Coimbra", "Location"]

I need to make sure there are no other possibilities. "Centro Hospitalar" is a facility, yes. "Coimbra" is a location. "a mesma fonte" and "a vítima" are both people.
</think>

[["a mesma fonte", "Per"], ["a vítima", "Per"], ["Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra", "Fac"], ["Coimbra", "Loc"]]