<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. So first, I need to read the input carefully.

The input is: "The accident, which occurred at around 9:40 pm on Saturday, at kilometer four of the North Motorway, in the North/South direction, involved three cars and caused four other injuries, all not serious."

Looking for participants. The main event is an accident on the North Motorway. The participants would be the entities involved. Let's break it down.

First, "three cars" – that's definitely participants. Then, "four other injuries" – but injuries are people, so maybe "injuries" here refer to people, but the text says "caused four other injuries," so the injuries themselves aren't entities, but the people who were injured. However, the text doesn't mention specific people, just the number. So maybe "injuries" isn't a participant here since it's not a named entity. Wait, the definition says participants can be inferred from context. But if it's just "four other injuries," without names, should I include that? Hmm. The example given in the task included things like "engine" and "airport," which are entities. So maybe "injuries" isn't an entity here, but the cars are. 

Next, "North Motorway" – that's a location, so it's a participant. The direction "North/South" might be part of the motorway's description, so maybe not a separate entity. "Kilometer four" is a location detail, but not an entity. 

The time and date ("9:40 pm on Saturday") are temporal details, not participants. 

So the main participants are the three cars and the North Motorway. Wait, the motorway is the location where the accident happened, so it's involved. But is it considered a participant? The definition says entities involved or impacted. The motorway is the location, so maybe it's a participant. But sometimes locations are considered as part of the event's context rather than participants. However, the example included "airport" as a participant. So maybe "North Motorway" should be included. 

Also, the text mentions "the accident" – but that's the event itself, not a participant. 

So the entities would be "three cars" and "North Motorway." But wait, "three cars" is a quantity, not a specific entity. However, in the example, they included "a plane" and "the aircraft," which are specific mentions. So maybe "three cars" is considered as participants, even though it's a count. But in the example, they included "three cars" as "three cars" with confidence. Wait, looking back at the example output given in the task, the input had "plane" and "engine" as entities. So maybe even if it's a count, like "three cars," it's considered an entity. 

But in the example output, the user included "three cars" as "three cars" with a confidence. Wait, no, looking at the example input and output:

In the example input, the output had entries like "three cars" as ["three cars", 0.85]. Wait, no, the example input was about a plane landing, and the output included entries like "Plane", "A plane", "engine", etc. So in that case, the count was included as a participant. So in this case, "three cars" would be a participant. 

So for the current input, the participants would be:

- three cars (the vehicles involved)
- North Motorway (the location where the accident occurred)
- the injuries (but the text says "four other injuries, all not serious." However, the injuries are people, but they are not named. The example included "injuries" as a participant? Wait, in the example given by the user, the output included "injuries" as a participant? Let me check the example again.

Wait, the example input was about a plane landing, and the output included "engine", "a stopped engine", etc. But in the current input, the output is about an accident involving three cars and four injuries. The user's example didn't have injuries, but in the current case, the text says "caused four other injuries, all not serious." So the injuries are people, but since they are not named, should they be considered as participants? The definition says participants can be inferred from context. However, if they are not named, maybe they are not considered. The example output didn't include injuries, but in the example input, the output included "injuries" as a participant? Wait, no. Let me check the example again.

Wait, the example input was: "Plane makes emergency landing at Lisbon airport due to engine failure..." and the output included entries like "engine", "a stopped engine", but not "injuries" or "people." So in that case, the injuries in the current input might not be included as participants unless they are explicitly named. Since the current input doesn't name the people, just mentions the number of injuries, maybe "injuries" isn't considered a participant here. 

So the participants would be:

- three cars (the vehicles involved)
- North Motorway (the location)
- the accident (but that's the event itself, not a participant)
- the time and date (not participants)
- the direction (North/South) – part of the motorway's description, not a separate entity

So the list would be ["three cars", "North Motorway"]. But wait, the example included "airport" as a participant. So "North Motorway" is similar to an airport, a location. So that's a participant. 

But the user's example output included "airport" as a participant. So in this case, "North Motorway" is a participant. 

Now, checking for other entities. The text mentions "kilometer four of the North Motorway" – "kilometer four" is a location detail, but not an entity. "North/South direction" is part of the motorway's direction, not a separate entity. 

So the final list would be ["three cars", "North Motorway"]. But wait, the example output included "the airports" as a participant. In the current input, "North Motorway" is a specific entity, so it should be included. 

But what about "the accident"? The accident is the event, not a participant. 

So the answer would be:

[
  ["three cars", 0.9],
  ["North Motorway", 0.8]
]

Wait, but the example output included entries like "the aircraft", "the plane", etc. So in this case, "three cars" is a count, but the example included "three cars" as a participant. So I think that's acceptable. 

But maybe "cars" is the entity, and "three" is just a quantifier. However, the example included "three cars" as a participant. So I should follow that. 

Therefore, the final answer would be those two entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["three cars", 0.9], ["North Motorway", 0.8]]