<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. So first, I need to parse the input sentence carefully.

The input is: "There were 22 firefighters, the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM) and the police at the scene of the accident, supported by 10 vehicles."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are the ones mentioned as being present at the scene. The first part lists "22 firefighters" – firefighters are individuals, so that's a participant. Then "the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)" is an organization, definitely a participant. Next, "the police" is another group or organization involved. 

Now, the phrase "supported by 10 vehicles" – the vehicles here are probably part of the support, but are they considered participants? The definition says participants can be entities impacted or involved. Vehicles might be tools used by the participants rather than participants themselves. However, if the vehicles are part of the emergency response, maybe they are considered. But the example given in the task didn't include vehicles, so maybe they are not considered participants here. The example output had "airport" and "website" but those were part of the context. Wait, in the example, "airport" was included as a participant. Hmm, but in the current input, the vehicles are supporting the firefighters, INEM, and police. So perhaps the vehicles are not participants but resources used by the participants. So I should exclude them.

So the participants would be: firefighters, INEM, police. But wait, the numbers: "22 firefighters" – should the number be included? The example had "22 firefighters" as a participant. Wait, in the example input, the output included "22 firefighters" as an entity. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output included "22 firefighters" as an entity. So the numbers are included. So in this case, "22 firefighters" would be an entity. However, the user's example output had entries like "Plane", "engine", etc., which were parts of the sentence. So the exact phrases are taken as entities, even if they include numbers.

So in the current input, the entities would be:

- "22 firefighters" (individuals)
- "the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)" (organization)
- "the police" (organization)
- "10 vehicles" (maybe, but earlier thought was to exclude them. However, the example included "10 vehicles" as a participant? Wait, looking back at the example input and output:

In the example input, the output included "10 vehicles" as an entity. Wait, no. Let me check again. The example input had "supported by 10 vehicles" and in the output, there was "10 vehicles" as an entity. Wait, the example input was:

"Plane makes emergency landing at Lisbon airport due to engine failure... The plane belongs to the airline Jota Aviation and was connecting the airports of Farnborough, England, and Lisbon, according to the ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal website."

The output included "airport", "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", "the airports", "Farnborough", "England", "Lisbon", "Lusa.", "a Public Security Police", "airline Jota Aviation", "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", "source", "the same source", etc. But "10 vehicles" wasn't in that example. However, in the current input, the user's example output for the given input includes "10 vehicles" as a participant? Wait, no. The user provided an example input and output. Let me check again.

Wait, the user's example input was:

"There were 22 firefighters, the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM) and the police at the scene of the accident, supported by 10 vehicles."

And the output is supposed to be extracted. But the user hasn't provided the output for this example. Wait, the user's message says:

"Input:
"There were 22 firefighters, the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM) and the police at the scene of the accident, supported by 10 vehicles."

Output:
"

So the user is asking me to generate the output for this input. So I need to extract the participants here.

So the entities here are:

- "22 firefighters" – individuals, definitely participants.
- "the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)" – organization, participant.
- "the police" – organization, participant.
- "10 vehicles" – are these participants? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The vehicles are supporting the firefighters, etc., but are they considered participants? The example given in the task didn't include vehicles, but the user's example input here includes "supported by 10 vehicles." The example in the task's initial example included "airport" as a participant. So maybe "10 vehicles" would be considered as participants here. However, the example output in the initial task didn't include "vehicles" as a participant. Wait, in the initial example input, the output included "airport" and "website." So maybe if the vehicles are part of the event, they are considered participants. But in this case, the vehicles are supporting the participants. However, the definition says participants can be entities that are involved or impacted. If the vehicles are part of the response, maybe they are considered participants. But the example output in the initial task didn't include "vehicles" as participants. Hmm.

Alternatively, maybe the vehicles are not participants but resources. However, the user's example input in the task had "10 vehicles" as part of the input, and the output included "10 vehicles" as an entity. Wait, no. The initial example input didn't have "10 vehicles" but the current input does. Let me think again.

The user's example input is: "There were 22 firefighters, the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM) and the police at the scene of the accident, supported by 10 vehicles."

So the participants are the ones present at the scene. The "22 firefighters", "INEM", "police" are all present. The "10 vehicles" are supporting them, but are they at the scene? The sentence says "supported by 10 vehicles" – so the vehicles are part of the support, but are they participants? The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. If the vehicles are part of the response, they are involved. However, in the initial example, the output included "airport" as a participant. So maybe in this case, "10 vehicles" should be included as a participant. But I need to check the example given by the user.

Wait, the user provided an example input and output. Let me check again.

The user's first example input was about a plane emergency landing, and the output included entities like "Plane", "engine", "airport", etc. The output included "10 vehicles" in the example? No, in that example, the input didn't mention vehicles. The current input is different. The user is now asking for the output of the input that includes "supported by 10 vehicles."

So, based on the definition, the participants are those involved in or impacted by the event. The vehicles are part of the support, so they are involved. Therefore, "10 vehicles" should be included as a participant. However, the example in the task's initial example didn't include vehicles, but that's because that input didn't mention them. So in this case, the answer should include "10 vehicles" as a participant.

But wait, the user's example output in the initial task included "airport" as a participant. So if the vehicles are part of the scene, they should be included. Therefore, the participants are:

- "22 firefighters"
- "the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)"
- "the police"
- "10 vehicles"

But wait, the user's example output in the initial task included "airport" and "website" as participants. So "airport" is a location, but it's considered a participant because it's part of the event. Similarly, "10 vehicles" are part of the event's support, so they are participants.

However, the user's example output for the initial input didn't include "vehicles" because that input didn't mention them. So in this case, the answer should include "10 vehicles" as a participant.

But I need to check if the user's example output for the current input includes "10 vehicles" or not. Since the user hasn't provided the output, I need to make a judgment based on the definition.

Another point: the definition says participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or other entities. "10 vehicles" is an entity, so it's a participant. Therefore, the answer should include all four entities.

But wait, the user's example output in the initial task included "the same source" as a participant. So if the source is considered a participant, then "10 vehicles" should be included here.

Therefore, the final list would be:

["22 firefighters", 0.9], ["the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)", 0.9], ["the police", 0.9], ["10 vehicles", 0.7]

Confidence scores: The first three are more certain, as they are explicitly mentioned as being at the scene. The vehicles are mentioned as supporting, so maybe a bit lower confidence, but still included.
</think>

[["22 firefighters", 0.9], ["the National Institute of Medical Emergency (INEM)", 0.9], ["the police", 0.9], ["10 vehicles", 0.7]]