<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence about Alex Apolinário having a cardiorespiratory arrest during a game between Alverca and União de Almeirim, which is part of the Portuguese Championship. The participants to classify are Alex Apolinário, Alverca, União de Almeirim, and Portuguese Championship.

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had entries like "Plane" classified as Object, "airport" as Facility, "Lisbon" as a capital city (Pl_capital), etc. Wait, but in the classes listed, there's no "Pl_capital" or "Pl_civil" or "Pl_country" as separate classes. The user might have made a mistake in the example, but according to the task, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example had some custom subcategories, but the actual classes to use are the main ones listed. Hmm, but the example output included things like "Pl_capital" which isn't in the original classes. Wait, maybe that's a typo. Let me check the original task again.

Looking back, the user says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example output had entries like "Lisbon" as "Pl_capital", which might be an error. But perhaps the user intended for "Location" to include cities, countries, etc., and maybe the example had some inconsistencies. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes as listed. So I should stick to the main classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

Now, let's go through each participant:

1. "Alex Apolinário" – This is a person's name. So class is Person.

2. "Alverca" – This is likely a football club, which is an Organization. But wait, sometimes club names can be considered as Locations if they are names of places. However, Alverca is a club, so Organization makes sense.

3. "União de Almeirim" – Similar to Alverca, this is another football club. So Organization.

4. "Portuguese Championship" – This is a sports league, which is an Organization. Alternatively, it could be considered as a competition, which might fall under Other. But in the example, "Portuguese Championship" wasn't present, but similar terms like "airline Jota Aviation" were classified as Organization. So "Portuguese Championship" is an organization (a league), so Organization.

Wait, but "Portuguese Championship" is a competition, which might be considered as an event or a concept. However, in the example, "airline Jota Aviation" was classified as Organization, so "Portuguese Championship" would be similar as an organization. Alternatively, if it's a competition, maybe it's a Facility? No, that doesn't fit. Maybe Other? But the user's example didn't have that. Let me think again. The Portuguese Championship is a league, which is an organization. So I'll go with Organization.

So the classifications would be:

- Alex Apolinário: Person
- Alverca: Organization
- União de Almeirim: Organization
- Portuguese Championship: Organization

But wait, maybe "Portuguese Championship" is a competition, which is an event, not an organization. However, in the example, "airline Jota Aviation" was an Organization. So perhaps "Portuguese Championship" is an Organization. Alternatively, if it's a competition, maybe it's a Facility? No, that doesn't make sense. Maybe Other? But the user's example didn't use Other for similar terms. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "Portuguese Championship" is a Location? No, that's not right. It's a competition, which is an event, but the classes don't have an "Event" category. The closest would be Organization or Other. Since it's a structured competition, maybe Organization is acceptable. I'll go with Organization for now.
</think>

[["Alex Apolinário", "Person"], ["Alverca", "Organization"], ["União de Almeirim", "Organization"], ["Portuguese Championship", "Organization"]]