<think>
Okay, let's see. The task is to extract all participants from the given input text. The example provided shows that participants include entities like people, organizations, places, and even specific phrases that refer to entities. 

Looking at the example input about the plane emergency landing, the output includes things like "Plane", "A plane", "the aircraft", "the plane", "airport", "Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", "Farnborough", "England", "Lusa", "Public Security Police", "Jota Aviation", "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", etc. So it seems like any noun phrase that refers to a person, organization, location, or thing involved in the event is included.

Now, the new input is: "Filipe Guimarães stated that a second occupant of the car, “according to eyewitnesses, threw himself from the vehicle approximately 150 meters before the collision, sustaining minor injuries”, and was transported to Viana do Castelo Hospital."

First, I need to identify all participants here. Let's break it down.

The main participants mentioned are:

- Filipe Guimarães: This is a person's name, so definitely a participant.
- a second occupant of the car: This refers to a person, even though it's a descriptor. The phrase "a second occupant" is a noun phrase referring to a person involved.
- eyewitnesses: This is a collective noun referring to people who saw the event.
- the vehicle: The car involved in the collision.
- Viana do Castelo Hospital: A specific hospital, which is an organization or institution.

Wait, the example output included "the airports" as a participant, even though it's a plural noun. So maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity, even if it's a general term, is included. But in the example, "airport" was included as a standalone term, but in the input, it's "Humberto Delgado Airport" which is a specific name. However, in the output, "airport" is listed as a participant. Hmm, that's a bit confusing. But maybe the task is to extract all noun phrases that could be considered participants, regardless of specificity.

In the current input, "the vehicle" is a noun phrase referring to the car involved. "Viana do Castelo Hospital" is a specific place. "eyewitnesses" is a group of people. "a second occupant" is a person. "Filipe Guimarães" is a person.

So the extracted participants would be:

["Filipe Guimarães", "a second occupant", "eyewitnesses", "the vehicle", "Viana do Castelo Hospital"]

Wait, but in the example, "the same source" was included. So maybe any noun phrase that refers to an entity, even if it's a descriptor. Also, in the example, "a Public Security Police" was included. So even if it's a noun phrase with an article or possessive, it's included.

So in the current input, "a second occupant of the car" is a noun phrase, but the output in the example included "a second occupant" as the participant. So maybe we should extract the noun phrases as they appear, even if they are part of a larger sentence.

So the input has "a second occupant of the car" – the participant is "a second occupant of the car"? Or just "a second occupant"?

Looking back at the example, the input had "a plane made an emergency landing..." and the output included "A plane", "the aircraft", "the plane", etc. So they included the noun phrases as they appear, even if they are modified by articles or prepositions.

So in the current input, "a second occupant of the car" would be included as "a second occupant of the car", but maybe the example simplified it to "a second occupant". Wait, in the example, the input had "a second occupant of the car" and the output had "a second occupant". Wait, no, looking back:

In the example input, the output included "a second occupant" as a participant. Wait, the input in the example was:

"Filipe Guimarães stated that a second occupant of the car, “according to eyewitnesses, threw himself from the vehicle approximately 150 meters before the collision, sustaining minor injuries”, and was transported to Viana do Castelo Hospital."

Wait, no, that's the input for the current task. The example given earlier was about the plane. Let me check again.

In the example provided in the task, the input was about the plane, and the output included "a plane", "the aircraft", etc. So they took the noun phrases as they appeared, including articles and prepositions. For example, "a plane" and "the aircraft".

So in the current input, "a second occupant of the car" would be included as "a second occupant of the car", but maybe the example simplified it. Wait, in the example given in the task, the output for the plane input included "a plane", "the aircraft", etc. So the exact noun phrases as they appear in the text.

Therefore, in the current input, the participants would be:

- Filipe Guimarães
- a second occupant of the car
- eyewitnesses
- the vehicle
- Viana do Castelo Hospital

But wait, the input says "according to eyewitnesses", so "eyewitnesses" is a participant. Also, "the vehicle" is the car involved. "Viana do Castelo Hospital" is the hospital. 

But in the example, "the same source" was included. So even if it's a descriptor, it's included. So "a second occupant of the car" is a noun phrase, so it's included. 

So the output should be a JSON array with these strings. Let me check again.

Another thing: the example output included "Lusa." with a period. But in the input, it's "Lusa." So maybe the punctuation is kept as is. However, in the current input, "Viana do Castelo Hospital" is a proper noun, so it's included as is. The period in "Lusa." might be part of the original text, but in the example output, it's included. So perhaps we should keep the exact phrases, including any punctuation attached.

So in the current input, the participants are:

["Filipe Guimarães", "a second occupant of the car", "eyewitnesses", "the vehicle", "Viana do Castelo Hospital"]

Wait, but the input says "according to eyewitnesses" – "eyewitnesses" is a noun phrase, so that's included. "the vehicle" is the car. "Viana do Castelo Hospital" is the hospital. 

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any other participants. The sentence is about Filipe Guimarães stating something about a car accident. The participants are the people involved (Filipe, the occupant, eyewitnesses) and the entities (the vehicle, the hospital). 

Yes, that seems correct.
</think>

["Filipe Guimarães", "a second occupant of the car", "eyewitnesses", "the vehicle", "Viana do Castelo Hospital"]