<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a sentence in Portuguese about a detainee with criminal records, mentioned by "a Guarda," and the case being sent to the "Tribunal Judicial de Paredes."

The participants to classify are "O detido," "a Guarda," and "Tribunal Judicial de Paredes." The classes available are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with "O detido" – "the detainee." Since this refers to a person, it should be classified as "Person." 

Next, "a Guarda." In Portuguese, "Guarda" can refer to a police force or a specific organization. Given the context, it's likely referring to a law enforcement agency, so that's an "Organization."

Lastly, "Tribunal Judicial de Paredes." This is the name of a court, which is a type of facility or institution. However, in the classes provided, "Facility" might be the closest, but sometimes courts are considered "Organization" as well. Wait, looking back at the example given earlier, "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was classified as "Fac," so "Tribunal Judicial" might be a "Facility" or "Organization." But in the example, "a ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal" was an "Org," so maybe courts are considered "Organization." Hmm. Alternatively, "Facility" might be more appropriate for a building or institution. However, the example had "aeroporto" as "Fac," so maybe "Tribunal Judicial" is a "Facility." But I'm a bit unsure here. Let me think again. If "Facility" refers to physical places, then a court building would be a facility. However, sometimes organizations are named after places. But in the example, "Tribunal Judicial de Paredes" is a specific court, so maybe it's a "Facility." Alternatively, "Organization" might be better. Wait, in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was classified as "Org," so "Tribunal Judicial" might be an "Organization." But I need to check the classes again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Since a tribunal is an institution, it's more likely an "Organization." However, in the example, "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado" was "Fac," so maybe "Tribunal Judicial" is a "Facility." But I'm not entirely sure. Maybe "Tribunal Judicial" is a type of organization. Alternatively, "Facility" could be a building, but the tribunal is an organization. Hmm. Given that "aeroporto" was classified as "Fac," maybe "tribunal" is also "Fac." But I need to make a decision here. Let's go with "Organization" for "Tribunal Judicial de Paredes" as it's a judicial body, which is an organization. Alternatively, if "Facility" is for physical locations, then maybe "Location." Wait, the example had "Lisboa" as "Pl_capital," which is a location. But "Tribunal Judicial de Paredes" is a specific court, which is an organization. So I think "Organization" is the right class here.

So the classifications would be:

- "O detido" → Person
- "a Guarda" → Organization
- "Tribunal Judicial de Paredes" → Organization

Wait, but in the example, "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" was "Org," so "Tribunal Judicial" is similar. Therefore, the final answer should be:

[["O detido", "Per"], ["a Guarda", "Org"], ["Tribunal Judicial de Paredes", "Org"]]
</think>

<Output>[["O detido", "Per"], ["a Guarda", "Org"], ["Tribunal Judicial de Paredes", "Org"]]</Output>