<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is "Truck crane knocked down lighting pole in Porto and killed 52-year-old man". The participants to classify are "Truck crane", "lighting pole", "Porto", and "52-year-old man".

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had some specific classifications like "Pl_capital" for Lisbon, which might be a subcategory under Location. But the user's instruction says to use the main classes, so maybe I should stick to the main categories unless specified otherwise. Wait, the example output used "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil" which might be more detailed, but the user's instruction says to use the classes listed: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Hmm, maybe the example had more specific subcategories, but the user wants the main classes. Let me check the original task again.

The user says: "Classify each of the participants according to how it is used in the input. Classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other." So the main classes are those seven. The example output had entries like "Pl_capital" but that might have been a mistake or a different categorization. Wait, looking back at the example output, they used "Pl_capital" for Lisbon, which is a city, so maybe that's a subcategory under Location. But the user's instruction says to use the main classes. However, the example output included "Pl_capital" as a class, which is not in the original list. Wait, that's conflicting. Let me check again.

Wait, the user provided an example where the output had entries like "Pl_capital" and "Pl_civil", but the classes listed in the task are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe the example is using more specific subcategories, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. This is confusing. However, the user's instruction says to use the classes listed, so maybe the example was incorrect. But the user provided that example, so perhaps the actual intended classes are the main ones, and the example's "Pl_capital" is a mistake. Alternatively, maybe the user expects the more specific subcategories. But the problem is that the user's instruction says to use the classes listed, which are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So I should use those.

So, for the current input:

"Truck crane knocked down lighting pole in Porto and killed 52-year-old man"

Participants to classify: ["Truck crane", "lighting pole", "Porto", "52-year-old man"]

Let's go one by one.

1. "Truck crane": This is a type of vehicle used for lifting heavy objects. It's an object, so Object.

2. "lighting pole": A pole that holds lighting, like a streetlight. That's an object, so Object.

3. "Porto": This is a city in Portugal. So it's a Location.

4. "52-year-old man": This refers to a person, so Person.

Wait, but in the example, "Lisbon" was classified as "Pl_capital", which might be a subcategory under Location. However, the user's instruction says to use the main classes. So "Porto" would be Location. The example might have used more specific subcategories, but the user's instruction says to use the main classes. Therefore, "Porto" is Location.

So the classifications would be:

["Truck crane", "Object"], ["lighting pole", "Object"], ["Porto", "Location"], ["52-year-old man", "Person"].

I need to make sure there are no other possibilities. For example, "lighting pole" could be a Facility if it's part of infrastructure, but more likely it's an Object. "Truck crane" is definitely an Object. "Porto" is a Location. The man is a Person. So that's the classification.
</think>

[["Truck crane", "Object"], ["lighting pole", "Object"], ["Porto", "Location"], ["52-year-old man", "Person"]]