<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to understand the input text and the participants to classify. The input is a quote from the municipality about a company opening an internal investigation and collaborating with authorities, while expressing condolences to the family of the deceased.

The participants to classify are: "The company", "the municipality", "the authorities", "his family".

Now, applying the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other.

Starting with "The company". A company is typically an Organization. So that's Org.

Next, "the municipality". A municipality is a local government, which is an Organization. So Org again.

"The authorities" refers to government officials or agencies, which would be an Organization as well. So Org.

Lastly, "his family". This refers to a person's family, which would be a Person. However, since it's a family, maybe it's considered a group of people. But the class options don't have a 'Group' category. The closest is Person. Alternatively, if the family is considered a collective, maybe 'Other'? Wait, the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, Other. Since "his family" is a group of people, but the class 'Person' might be intended for individuals. However, in some contexts, families can be considered as entities. But the example given in the task had "source" classified as Person, which might be a person. So "his family" is a group of people, but the class might be Person here. Alternatively, if the system allows, maybe 'Other' if it's not fitting. But the example had "source" as Person, so perhaps "his family" is also Person. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe "his family" is considered an Organization? No, that doesn't fit. So probably Person.

Wait, but the example had "source" as Person, which might be a person. So "his family" would be a group of people, but the class might still be Person. Alternatively, maybe 'Other' if it's not clearly fitting. But the options are limited. Let me check the example again. In the example, "source" was classified as Person. So if "his family" is a group of people, maybe it's considered a Person. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe 'Other' if it's not a clear category. However, the user might expect "his family" to be Person. I'll go with Person for "his family".
</think>

[["The company", "Org"], ["the municipality", "Org"], ["the authorities", "Org"], ["his family", "Per"]]