<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input sentence is: "Levaram a caixa registadora com um montante em dinheiro ainda não determinado, segundo a fonte." The participants to classify are ["a caixa registadora", "um montante em dinheiro", "a fonte"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. The example given earlier had classifications like "Obj" for objects, "Fac" for facilities, "Pl_capital" for locations like cities, "Org" for organizations, and "Per" for persons. 

Starting with "a caixa registadora". A caixa registadora is a cash register, which is an object. So that's likely "Obj".

Next, "um montante em dinheiro". Montante means amount, and dinheiro is money. This is a quantity of money, not a physical object. But in the classes, there's no specific category for money. The example had "Obj" for similar terms like "o motor" and "a aeronave". However, "montante em dinheiro" is more abstract, representing a sum of money. Since there's no "Money" class, maybe it's considered "Other"? Wait, looking back at the example, they classified "o motor" as "Obj", which is a physical object. But "montante em dinheiro" isn't a physical object. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe it's considered an "Object" in a broader sense, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, "Other" if it doesn't fit any of the other categories. But the example didn't have a "Money" category. Let me check the classes again. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So "montante em dinheiro" is a sum of money, which is a concept, not a physical object. So maybe "Other"?

Then "a fonte". In the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person). Here, "a fonte" is "the source", which could be a person or an organization. The example had "fonte da Polícia de Segurança Pública" classified as "Per", but here it's just "a fonte" without specifying. However, in the input sentence, it's "segundo a fonte" which means "according to the source". In the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" even when it was just "fonte". So maybe here "a fonte" is also "Per".

Wait, but in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" even though it's a source, which could be a person or an organization. However, in the example, the source was from the Polícia de Segurança Pública, which is an organization. But the classification was "Per" for "fonte". That seems inconsistent. Wait, looking back at the example's output:

["fonte", "Per"], ["a mesma fonte", "Per"].

So even though the source is from an organization, the term "fonte" was classified as "Per". That's a bit confusing. Maybe in the example, "fonte" refers to a person, even if the actual source is an organization. But in the given input here, "segundo a fonte" is just "according to the source", without specifying. So perhaps "a fonte" is considered a "Per" here as well.

So putting it all together:

- "a caixa registadora" → Object (Obj)
- "um montante em dinheiro" → Other (since it's a sum of money, not a physical object)
- "a fonte" → Person (Per)

But wait, in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" even when it's a source from an organization. So maybe "fonte" is considered a person here. Alternatively, maybe "Other" if it's an unspecified source. But the example classified it as "Per". So I'll follow that.

So the final classifications would be:

[["a caixa registadora", "Obj"], ["um montante em dinheiro", "Other"], ["a fonte", "Per"]]
</think>

<Output>[["a caixa registadora", "Obj"], ["um montante em dinheiro", "Other"], ["a fonte", "Per"]]</Output>