<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is a sentence in Portuguese, and I need to classify the given participants into the specified classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

First, I'll look at the input sentence: "Na procura do homem “ainda a monte” estão envolvidos meios do dispositivo territorial da GNR e do Destacamento de Intervenção daquela força policial." 

The participants to classify are ["meios do dispositivo territorial da GNR", "Destacamento de Intervenção daquela força policial"]. 

Starting with the first one: "meios do dispositivo territorial da GNR". "Meios" translates to "means" or "resources", and "dispositivo territorial" is a territorial unit. GNR stands for Guarda Nacional Republicana, which is a Portuguese national police force. So "meios do dispositivo territorial da GNR" refers to the resources or units of the GNR's territorial device. Since GNR is an organization, and the "meios" are part of that organization's structure, this might be classified as an Organization. But wait, "meios" could be considered as objects or facilities. However, in this context, they are part of the GNR's operational units, so maybe it's still an Organization.

Next, "Destacamento de Intervenção daquela força policial". "Destacamento de Intervenção" translates to Intervention Detachment, and "daquela força policial" refers back to the GNR (since "aquela" is feminine, matching GNR's feminine article). So this is a specific unit within the GNR. Again, this is part of the organization, so it should be classified as an Organization.

Wait, but the classes include Organization, so both of these are parts of the GNR, which is an organization. Therefore, both participants should be classified under Organization. Let me double-check. The GNR is an organization, and their detachments or units are subdivisions of that organization. So yes, both entries are parts of the GNR, hence Organization. 

I don't see any other possible classes here. There's no mention of a person, location, or object. The terms are all related to organizational units. So the classifications should be Organization for both.
</think>

<Output>[["meios do dispositivo territorial da GNR", "Org"], ["Destacamento de Intervenção daquela força policial", "Org"]]</Output>