<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even parts like "to engine" were included, but I need to check if that's accurate.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is: "A house collapsed in the southern Indian city of Hyderabad due to unprecedented rains and severe flooding that killed at least eight people, local police said today."

Breaking it down, the main event is the house collapsing. The participants here would be the house, the city Hyderabad, the rains, the flooding, the people who died, and the local police. 

Wait, the example included "to engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. But in this case, "unprecedented rains" and "severe flooding" are causes, not participants. However, according to the definition, participants are those involved or impacted. The rains and flooding are causes, but maybe they are considered as events or factors, not participants. Hmm, the example included "engine" as a participant, but that might be because it's a part of the plane. Here, "rains" and "flooding" are natural events causing the collapse. Are they considered participants? The definition says entities that are actively involved or impacted. The rains and flooding are causes, but maybe they are not participants. The people killed are victims, so they are participants. The house is the one that collapsed, so it's a participant. The city Hyderabad is the location, so it's involved. The local police are the ones reporting, so they are participants. 

Wait, the example included "Lusa." and "source" as participants. In this case, "local police" is the source, so that's a participant. The people killed are mentioned as "at least eight people," but the example didn't include numbers. However, the example included "eight people" as "eight people" with confidence. Wait, in the example output, they have "eight people" as an entity. Wait, looking back at the example input, the output includes "eight people" as an entity. Wait, in the example input, the output includes "eight people" as an entity. Wait, the example input was about a plane landing, and the output had "engine" and "a stopped engine" as entities. So maybe even parts of the event are considered participants. 

But in this case, the house is the main participant. The city Hyderabad is a location, so it's a participant. The rains and flooding are causes, but maybe they are not participants. However, the example included "engine" as a participant. So perhaps any noun phrase that is a key part of the event is considered a participant. 

So, in this input, the participants would be:

- "A house" (the subject that collapsed)
- "Hyderabad" (the city where it happened)
- "unprecedented rains" (cause)
- "severe flooding" (cause)
- "eight people" (victims)
- "local police" (source of information)

But wait, the example included "the same source" as a participant. Here, "local police" is the source, so that's a participant. Also, "southern Indian city" is a descriptor of Hyderabad, but the actual entity is Hyderabad. 

So the list would be:

["A house", 0.9], ["Hyderabad", 0.9], ["unprecedented rains", 0.8], ["severe flooding", 0.8], ["eight people", 0.9], ["local police", 0.9]

But I need to check if "southern Indian city" is a participant. However, the city is Hyderabad, so "southern Indian city" is a descriptor, not an entity. So it's not a participant. 

Wait, the example included "the airports" as a participant. In the input, "the airports of Farnborough, England, and Lisbon" were mentioned. So "the airports" is a participant. Similarly, here, "Hyderabad" is the city, so it's a participant. 

So the final list would be:

["A house", 0.9], ["Hyderabad", 0.9], ["unprecedented rains", 0.8], ["severe flooding", 0.8], ["eight people", 0.9], ["local police", 0.9]

I need to make sure that each entity is correctly identified. Also, the example included "Lusa." with a period, so maybe punctuation is kept. But in this case, "local police" is a group, so it's a participant. The "eight people" are victims, so they are participants. The rains and flooding are causes, but according to the example, even parts like "engine" were included. So I think they are considered participants here.
</think>

[["A house", 0.9], ["Hyderabad", 0.9], ["unprecedented rains", 0.8], ["severe flooding", 0.8], ["eight people", 0.9], ["local police", 0.9]]