<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input: "In addition to the dead, four other people were hospitalized after a wall fell onto a neighboring house, which collapsed on impact."

First, I need to identify all entities here. Let's break it down.

The main event is a wall falling onto a neighboring house, causing collapse. The participants would be those involved or affected. 

"the dead" – this refers to people who died. They are participants as victims. But the example output in the task didn't include "the dead" as a participant. Wait, in the example given earlier, the output included "Plane", "engine", etc. But "the dead" might be considered as a group here. However, the example output didn't include "the dead" in the sample, but maybe that's because the example was different. Wait, the example input was about a plane landing, and the output included entities like "Plane", "engine", etc. But in this case, "the dead" is a group of people, so they should be included as participants.

"four other people" – these are hospitalized, so they are participants as victims. 

"wall" – the wall is part of the event, but is it a participant? The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The wall is the cause here, so it's an agent. But the example didn't include "wall" in the previous example. Wait, in the previous example, the output included "engine", "a stopped engine", etc. So maybe the wall is considered a participant here.

"neighboring house" – this is impacted by the wall falling, so it's a participant as a victim.

"which collapsed on impact" – the house collapsed, so maybe "house" is already covered as "neighboring house".

Now, checking for organizations or groups. The text doesn't mention any organizations, so maybe none here. 

Other entities: "hospitalized" is an action, not an entity. "after a wall fell" – the wall is the entity. 

So possible participants:

- the dead (group of people)
- four other people (individuals, but since it's a group, maybe "four other people" as a group)
- wall (the object that fell)
- neighboring house (the house that was hit and collapsed)

Wait, but the example output included "the aircraft" and "the plane" as separate entities. So maybe "the dead" and "four other people" are separate. However, "the dead" is plural, but in the example, "the aircraft" and "the plane" are both included. So maybe "the dead" is a participant here.

But the user's example output included "the same source" and "source" as separate entries. So maybe even if they refer to the same entity, they are listed separately. However, in this case, "the dead" and "four other people" are different groups. 

So the entities would be:

["the dead", 0.8], ["four other people", 0.7], ["wall", 0.9], ["neighboring house", 0.85]

Wait, but the example output included "airport" and "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as separate entries. So maybe "neighboring house" and "house" are separate? But in the input, it's "a neighboring house", so "neighboring house" is the full noun phrase. 

Also, "hospitalized" is an action, not an entity. 

So the final list would be:

["the dead", 0.8], ["four other people", 0.7], ["wall", 0.9], ["neighboring house", 0.85]

But I need to check if "the dead" is considered a participant. Since they are victims, yes. However, the example didn't include "the dead" in the sample, but that's because the sample was different. The user's example input had "plane" and "engine" as participants. 

Another thing: the user's example output included "source" and "the same source" as separate entries. So in this case, "the dead" and "four other people" are separate. 

I think that's it. So the JSON array would be each of these entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["the dead", 0.8], ["four other people", 0.7], ["wall", 0.9], ["neighboring house", 0.85]]