<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even things like "engine" or "airport" are considered participants if they're relevant.

First, I need to read the input carefully. The sentence is: "Heavy rain in Hyderabad broke a record set 20 years ago, with flooding in low-lying areas of the city, where authorities used boats to evacuate people."

Breaking it down, the main event is heavy rain in Hyderabad causing a record to be broken and flooding. The participants here would be the entities directly involved. Let's list them out:

1. "Hyderabad" – the location where the event happened. Definitely a participant.
2. "record" – the record that was broken. But wait, the example included "engine" and "airport" as participants. So maybe "record" is a participant here since it's part of the event.
3. "authorities" – they took action by using boats to evacuate people. So they are active participants.
4. "boats" – used by authorities, so they are part of the action.
5. "people" – the ones being evacuated. They are impacted by the event.
6. "low-lying areas" – the areas affected by flooding. These are locations impacted by the event.

Now, checking the example again. In the example, "airport" and "aircraft" were included even though they were part of the event's context. So I should include all entities that are directly involved or affected.

Wait, the record is set 20 years ago, but it's broken now. The record itself is an entity here. So "record" is a participant. Also, "Hyderabad" is a location, so that's a participant. "Authorities" as an organization or group. "Boats" as a tool used. "People" as the victims. "Low-lying areas" as the affected locations.

I need to make sure not to miss any. Let me go through each part again.

"Heavy rain in Hyderabad broke a record set 20 years ago..." – participants: Hyderabad (location), record (entity).

"with flooding in low-lying areas of the city..." – low-lying areas (location), flooding (event, but maybe not an entity? Wait, the example included "engine failure" as a participant. Hmm, but in the example, "engine" was part of the event. Maybe "flooding" is an event, not a participant. Wait, the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. Flooding is an event, not an entity. So maybe not. But the example included "engine failure" as a participant. Wait, in the example, "engine" and "a stopped engine" were included. So maybe the actual entities, not the events. So "flooding" might not be a participant, but the areas affected by it are. So "low-lying areas" would be participants.

"where authorities used boats to evacuate people." – authorities (group), boats (tool), people (victims).

So the list would be:

- Hyderabad (location)
- record (entity)
- low-lying areas (location)
- authorities (group)
- boats (tool)
- people (individuals)

Wait, but in the example, "airport" was included as a participant. So even if it's a location, it's considered a participant. Similarly, "Hyderabad" is a location, so it's a participant. "Low-lying areas" are locations affected, so they are participants. "Authorities" as a group. "Boats" as a tool used. "People" as individuals evacuated. The record is an entity that was broken, so that's a participant. 

I need to assign confidence scores. For "Hyderabad", confidence is high, maybe 0.95. "Record" is 0.8, since it's a bit abstract. "Low-lying areas" might be 0.8. "Authorities" is 0.9. "Boats" 0.75, since they are tools. "People" 0.9. 

Wait, but in the example, "Lisbon" was included twice. Maybe because it's mentioned in different contexts. Similarly, here "Hyderabad" is mentioned once, but "low-lying areas" is a specific part of the city. So I need to check if "low-lying areas" is a participant. Since they are impacted by the flooding, yes. 

Also, "authorities" is a group, so that's a participant. "Boats" are used by the authorities, so they are part of the action. "People" are the ones evacuated. 

I think that's all. Let me make sure I didn't miss any. The sentence doesn't mention any organizations or specific names, just "authorities" and "Hyderabad". So the final list would be those entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["Hyderabad", 0.95], ["record", 0.8], ["low-lying areas", 0.8], ["authorities", 0.9], ["boats", 0.75], ["people", 0.9]]