<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given input sentence. The definition says participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by an event. The example shows that even things like "to engine" and "a stopped engine" are included, which seems a bit odd, but maybe they're considering parts of the plane as participants in the event.

Looking at the input: "More than 9.6 million people across South Asia have been affected by severe flooding this year."

First, I need to identify all entities that are involved or impacted. The main event here is the severe flooding in South Asia. The participants would be the people affected, the region (South Asia), and maybe the flooding itself as an event. 

The example output included entities like "Plane", "engine", "airport", etc., even if they were parts of the plane or locations. So following that, "people" would be a participant here. "South Asia" is a region affected, so that's a participant. The flooding is the event, but the example didn't include events, only entities. Wait, in the example, "engine failure" was included as an entity, but here the flooding is the cause. Hmm.

Wait, in the example, "engine" and "a stopped engine" were listed. So maybe even the cause (engine failure) is considered a participant. But in this case, the cause is the flooding. However, the input says "affected by severe flooding," so the flooding is the event causing the impact. But the participants are those affected. So "people" and "South Asia" would be participants. 

Wait, but the example included "the same source" as a participant. So maybe any entity mentioned, even if it's a source or a location. In this case, "South Asia" is a location, so it's a participant. The people are the ones affected. The flooding is the event, but not an entity. 

So the entities here are "people" (the 9.6 million), "South Asia", and maybe "severe flooding" as an event. But the example didn't include events, only entities. Let me check the example again. The example output included "engine", "a stopped engine", which are parts of the plane. So maybe any noun phrase that's an entity. 

In the input, "people" is an entity, "South Asia" is a region, and "severe flooding" might be considered an event, but the example didn't include events. Wait, the example included "engine failure" as "engine" and "a stopped engine". So maybe the event is broken down into its components. But in this case, the event is "severe flooding", so maybe "flooding" is the entity. However, the input says "severe flooding", which is a noun phrase. 

But the example output included "engine failure" as "engine" and "a stopped engine". So perhaps the user wants to extract all noun phrases that are participants. So in this case, "people", "South Asia", and "severe flooding" would be participants. 

But the example output didn't include "severe flooding" as a participant. Wait, in the example input, the event was an emergency landing due to engine failure. The participants included "engine", "a stopped engine", etc. So the cause (engine failure) was broken down into parts. But in this case, the cause is the flooding. However, the input says "affected by severe flooding", so the flooding is the cause. But the participants are the ones affected, which are the people and the region. 

So, the entities here are "people", "South Asia", and maybe "severe flooding" as the event. But the example didn't include events, only entities. Wait, the example included "engine failure" as part of the participants. Wait, in the example input, the engine failure is the reason for the landing. The participants included "engine" and "a stopped engine", which are parts of the event. So maybe the event itself is considered a participant. 

But in this case, the event is the flooding. However, the input is about the people being affected by the flooding. So the participants are the people and the region (South Asia). The flooding is the event causing the impact, but not an entity. 

Alternatively, maybe "severe flooding" is considered an entity. But the example didn't include events as entities. Let me check the example again. The example input mentions "engine failure" and the output includes "engine", "a stopped engine", etc. So the event's components are considered. But in this case, the event is "severe flooding", so maybe "flooding" is the entity. 

But the input says "severe flooding", which is a noun phrase. So perhaps "severe flooding" is the entity. However, the example output didn't include the entire event phrase, only parts of it. For example, "engine failure" was broken down into "engine" and "a stopped engine". So maybe in this case, "severe flooding" would be broken down into "flooding" as the entity. 

But the user's example output includes "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entities. So maybe the answer here should include "people", "South Asia", and "severe flooding". But I need to check if "severe flooding" is considered an entity. 

Alternatively, maybe the answer is just "people" and "South Asia" as the participants. The flooding is the event, not an entity. 

But the example included "engine failure" as part of the participants, even though it's an event. So maybe in this case, "severe flooding" is an entity. 

Hmm, this is a bit confusing. Let me think again. The definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The people are impacted, South Asia is the region affected. The flooding is the event causing the impact. But the event itself isn't an entity, it's the cause. However, in the example, the engine failure (the cause) was included as an entity. So maybe the answer here should include "severe flooding" as an entity. 

So the entities would be "people", "South Asia", and "severe flooding". But the example didn't include the entire event phrase, but parts of it. For example, "engine failure" was split into "engine" and "a stopped engine". So maybe "severe flooding" is split into "flooding" as the entity. 

But the input says "severe flooding", which is a noun phrase. So perhaps "severe flooding" is the entity. However, the example didn't include the entire event phrase, only parts. 

Alternatively, maybe the answer is just "people" and "South Asia" as the participants. The flooding is the event, not an entity. 

But the example included "engine failure" as part of the participants. So maybe the answer here should include "severe flooding" as an entity. 

But the user's example output didn't include "engine failure" as a participant, but rather "engine" and "a stopped engine". So maybe the answer here should be "people", "South Asia", and "flooding". 

But the input says "severe flooding", so maybe "severe flooding" is the entity. 

Alternatively, maybe "severe flooding" is considered a single entity. 

This is a bit tricky. Let me check the example again. The input in the example was about an emergency landing due to engine failure. The output included "engine", "a stopped engine", etc. So the event's components were broken down into parts. 

In this case, the event is "severe flooding", so the components might be "flooding" as the entity. But the input says "severe flooding", which is a noun phrase. So perhaps "severe flooding" is the entity. 

But the example didn't include the entire event phrase, only parts. So maybe the answer here is "people", "South Asia", and "severe flooding". 

But I need to be careful. The user's example output included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as separate entities. So perhaps in this case, "severe flooding" is considered a single entity. 

Therefore, the participants are "people", "South Asia", and "severe flooding". 

But the example didn't include the event itself as an entity. Wait, in the example, the event was the emergency landing, but the participants included the plane, the airport, the source, etc. The engine failure was part of the reason. 

So maybe the answer here is "people", "South Asia", and "severe flooding". 

But I'm not sure. Let me think again. The definition says participants are those involved or impacted. The people are impacted, South Asia is the region affected. The flooding is the event causing the impact. But the event itself isn't an entity, it's the cause. However, in the example, the engine failure (the cause) was included as an entity. 

So perhaps the answer here should include "severe flooding" as an entity. 

Therefore, the entities would be:

- "people" (the 9.6 million)
- "South Asia"
- "severe flooding"

But the example output didn't include the event as an entity, but included parts of the event. For example, "engine failure" was broken into "engine" and "a stopped engine". So maybe in this case, "severe flooding" is broken into "flooding" as the entity. 

But the input says "severe flooding", which is a noun phrase. So perhaps "severe flooding" is the entity. 

Alternatively, "severe" is an adjective modifying "flooding", so the entity is "flooding". 

But the example included "engine failure" as "engine" and "a stopped engine". So maybe the answer here is "flooding" as the entity. 

But the input says "severe flooding", which is a noun phrase. So perhaps "severe flooding" is the entity. 

This is a bit ambiguous. However, given the example, I think the safest approach is to include "people", "South Asia", and "severe flooding" as participants. 

Now, for confidence scores. "people" is clearly mentioned, so confidence 1. "South Asia" is a region, confidence 1. "severe flooding" is the event causing the impact, but the example included the event's components. However, since the example included "engine failure" as part of the participants, maybe "severe flooding" should be included as an entity. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe the answer is just "people" and "South Asia". 

Wait, the example output included "engine" and "a stopped engine" as participants. So in this case, the event's components are considered. But "severe flooding" is the event, not a component. So maybe the answer is just "people" and "South Asia". 

But the example included the event's components. So perhaps the answer here should include "severe flooding" as an entity. 

I think I need to proceed with "people", "South Asia", and "severe flooding" as participants. 

Confidence for "people" is 1.0, "South Asia" is 1.0, and "severe flooding" is 0.8, since it's the event causing the impact, but not sure if it's considered a participant. However, the example included the event's components, so maybe "severe flooding" is the event and should be included. 

Alternatively, maybe the answer is just "people" and "South Asia". 

But the example included "engine failure" as part of the participants. So maybe the answer here includes "severe flooding" as an entity. 

I think I'll go with that. So the final answer would be:

[
  ["people", 1.0],
  ["South Asia", 1.0],
  ["severe flooding", 0.8]
]

But I'm not entirely sure. Alternatively, maybe "severe flooding" is not a participant but the cause. The participants are the people and the region. So the answer would be:

[
  ["people", 1.0],
  ["South Asia", 1.0]
]

But the example included the event's components. Hmm. This is a bit confusing. Given the ambiguity, I think the safest answer is to include "people" and "South Asia" as the participants, since they are the ones affected. The event (flooding) is the cause, not an entity. Therefore, the answer is:

[
  ["people", 1.0],
  ["South Asia", 1.0]
]
</think>

[["people", 1.0], ["South Asia", 1.0]]