<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example provided shows that even repeated mentions of the same entity are included with their confidence scores.

First, I need to read the input text carefully. The sentence is: "As mesmas fontes indicaram à agência Lusa que o óbito foi declarado no local pelo médico da viatura médica de emergência e reanimação (VMER), do hospital de Portalegre, e que o homem era o único ocupante do veículo ligeiro de passageiros."

Breaking it down, the main participants here would be:

1. "As mesmas fontes" – these are sources mentioned earlier, so they are participants.
2. "agência Lusa" – a news agency, definitely a participant.
3. "médico da viatura médica de emergência e reanimação (VMER)" – the doctor involved, part of the VMER unit.
4. "hospital de Portalegre" – the hospital associated with the VMER.
5. "o homem" – the deceased individual, the main subject here.
6. "veículo ligeiro de passageiros" – the car involved in the incident.

Now, checking for repetitions. The example output included repeated mentions like "Avião" and "o motor" multiple times. So even if the same entity is mentioned again, like "As mesmas fontes" and "a mesma fonte" in the example, they are listed separately. In this case, "As mesmas fontes" is mentioned once, but maybe "fontes" could be considered as a separate entity if it's a different mention. However, in the input, it's "As mesmas fontes" which refers back to previous sources. But since the task is to extract all mentions, even if they refer to the same entity, each mention is listed. However, in the example, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" are both included. So here, "As mesmas fontes" might be considered as a single entity, but the example shows that "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" are separate. Wait, in the example input, "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" are both present, and in the output, they are listed as separate entries. So in this case, "As mesmas fontes" is a single mention, but if there's another mention of "fontes" later, it would be another entry. However, in the given input, it's only "As mesmas fontes" once. So maybe just "As mesmas fontes" is one entry. But the example had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. So perhaps even if it's the same entity, each mention is considered a separate entry. So in this case, "As mesmas fontes" is one entry. But the example also included "a mesma fonte" as a separate entry. So maybe even if it's the same entity, each occurrence is listed. However, in the input provided here, "As mesmas fontes" is mentioned once. So that's one entry.

Next, "agência Lusa" is a clear participant. Then, "médico da viatura médica de emergência e reanimação (VMER)" – the doctor is a participant. The VMER is an organization, so that's another entity. The hospital "Portalegre" is another. The "homem" (man) is the individual involved. The "veículo ligeiro de passageiros" is the car.

Now, confidence scores. For "As mesmas fontes", I'm 0.8 confident. "agência Lusa" is 0.9. The doctor's role is clear, so 0.9. The VMER is an organization, 0.8. The hospital is 0.9. The man is 0.9. The vehicle is 0.8. 

Wait, but in the example, "o motor" was listed multiple times with varying confidence. So even if the same entity is mentioned again, like "o motor" in different parts of the text, each occurrence is listed. In this input, "veículo ligeiro de passageiros" is mentioned once. So that's one entry. The "homem" is mentioned once. 

I need to make sure I'm not missing any entities. Let me check again. The sentence mentions the sources, Lusa, the doctor from the VMER unit at Portalegre Hospital, the man, and the car. Are there any other entities? The VMER is part of the hospital? Or is the hospital a separate entity? The text says "do hospital de Portalegre", so the hospital is a separate entity. The VMER is the unit, so that's another entity. 

So the list would be:

["As mesmas fontes", 0.8], ["agência Lusa", 0.9], ["médico da viatura médica de emergência e reanimação (VMER)", 0.9], ["viatura médica de emergência e reanimação (VMER)", 0.8], ["hospital de Portalegre", 0.9], ["o homem", 0.9], ["veículo ligeiro de passageiros", 0.8]

Wait, but in the example, "a aeronave" and "o avião" are both listed as separate entities. So here, "viatura médica de emergência e reanimação (VMER)" is the unit, and the doctor is part of that unit. But the example included both the entity and the role. However, in the example, "o motor" and "um motor" are both listed. So even if it's the same thing, each mention is a separate entry. So here, the "viatura médica..." is mentioned once, but the doctor is part of that unit. However, the doctor is a participant, and the VMER is an organization. So both should be included. 

Therefore, the final list would include all these entities with their confidence scores.
</think>

[["As mesmas fontes", 0.8], ["agência Lusa", 0.9], ["médico da viatura médica de emergência e reanimação (VMER)", 0.9], ["viatura médica de emergência e reanimação (VMER)", 0.8], ["hospital de Portalegre", 0.9], ["o homem", 0.9], ["veículo ligeiro de passageiros", 0.8]]