<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text and provide them in a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores. First, I need to understand what constitutes a participant here. According to the definition, participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by the event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the example provided, they included things like "Avião", "o motor", "Aeroporto Humberto Delgado", etc. So even parts of the sentence that are nouns or noun phrases are considered participants if they are relevant to the event. The confidence score is a number between 0 and 1, so I need to assess how certain I am that each entity is a participant.

The input given is: "O alerta, de acordo com CDOS, foi dado às 19:23." 

Breaking this down, the main event here is the alert being given. The participants would be the entities involved in this action. Let's parse each part:

- "O alerta" – the alert itself is the event, but is it a participant? The definition says participants are those involved in or impacted by the event. The alert is the event, so maybe not a participant. But the example included "o motor" as a participant, which is part of the event. Hmm, maybe in this case, "alerta" is the event, so not a participant. 

- "de acordo com CDOS" – CDOS is an organization mentioned here. Since they are providing the information, they are a source, which might be considered a participant. The example included "à agência Lusa" and "a Polícia de Segurança Pública" as participants. So CDOS should be included here with a confidence score. 

- "foi dado às 19:23" – the time is just a timestamp, not a participant. 

So the only participant here is CDOS. But wait, the example had multiple instances of the same entity. For instance, "Um avião" and "O avião" were both listed. In this case, "CDOS" is mentioned once. However, the example also included "a mesma fonte" which refers back to a previous mention. Here, "de acordo com CDOS" is the only mention. 

Wait, but the example output had "fonte" and "a mesma fonte" as separate entries. In the current input, "CDOS" is the source. So should I list "CDOS" once with a confidence score? The example had multiple entries for similar entities. But in this case, it's only mentioned once. 

Alternatively, maybe "alerta" is considered a participant? But the example didn't include the event itself as a participant. The example included entities like the plane, the motor, the airport, the police, the company, etc. The alert is the event, not an entity involved. 

Therefore, the only participant here is CDOS. The confidence would be high since it's explicitly mentioned as the source. So the output should be [["CDOS", 0.95]] or similar. 

Wait, but the example had entries like "o motor" and "um motor" as separate entries. However, in this case, "CDOS" is mentioned once. So maybe just one entry. 

I think that's it. The answer should be a JSON list with CDOS and a confidence score around 0.9 or 0.95.
</think>

[["CDOS", 0.9]]