<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even parts of phrases like "to engine" are included, though that might be a mistake. Wait, in the example, "to engine" is listed, but maybe that's a typo. The original input had "due to engine failure," so maybe "engine" is the correct entity, not "to engine." Hmm, but the example includes "to engine" with confidence 0.8. Maybe the user is including prepositional phrases as entities. I need to follow the example closely.

Looking at the input: "According to the GNR, the 47-year-old man, “on an almost daily basis, insulted, threatened and physically and psychologically attacked the victim, his 46-year-old wife, in the presence of their youngest daughter”."

First, identify all entities. The GNR is an organization, so that's a participant. The 47-year-old man is an individual. The victim is mentioned as his 46-year-old wife, so she's a participant. Their youngest daughter is also present, so she's a participant. The actions are insults, threats, attacks, but those are actions, not entities. The phrases "in the presence of their youngest daughter" might imply the daughter is a participant. Also, the GNR is mentioned as the source, so that's an organization. 

Wait, the example includes "source" as an entity. In the input, "GNR" is mentioned as the source, so that's an organization. The 47-year-old man is the perpetrator. The victim is his wife, and the daughter is present. So the participants would be GNR, the man, the wife, the daughter. Also, the victim is referred to as "the victim," which is a role, but the actual person is the wife. But in the example, they included "the victim" as an entity. Wait, in the example output, they had "the victim" as an entity. Let me check the example again.

In the example input, the output includes "the victim" as an entity. So in this case, the victim is the 46-year-old wife, but the text refers to her as "the victim." So maybe "the victim" is an entity here. Similarly, "his 46-year-old wife" is the same person, but the entity could be "his 46-year-old wife" or "the victim." However, the example includes both "the victim" and "his 46-year-old wife" as separate entities? Wait, in the example input, the output includes "the victim" and "his 46-year-old wife" as separate entries. Wait, looking back at the example input:

Original input: "Plane makes emergency landing at Lisbon airport due to engine failure... The alert for an emergency landing due to the aircraft having a stopped engine... The aircraft landed... The plane belongs to the airline Jota Aviation... according to the ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal website."

The output includes "the victim" and "his 46-year-old wife" as separate entities. Wait, no, in the example given, the output is:

["Plane", "to engine", "A plane", "engine", "the aircraft", "a stopped engine", "The aircraft", "The plane", "airport", "at Humberto Delgado Airport", "Lisbon", "the airports", "Farnborough", "England", "Lisbon", "Lusa.", "a Public Security Police", "airline Jota Aviation", "ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal", "source", "the same source", "Lisbon", "website."]

Wait, in that example, "the victim" isn't present. So maybe in the current input, the victim is mentioned as "the victim," so that's an entity. Also, "his 46-year-old wife" is another entity. The daughter is "their youngest daughter," which is another entity. The GNR is an organization. The man is an individual. 

So the participants would be:

- GNR (organization)
- the 47-year-old man (individual)
- the victim (role, but in the example, they included "the victim" as an entity)
- his 46-year-old wife (individual)
- their youngest daughter (individual)

Also, the source is mentioned as "the GNR," so "GNR" is an entity. The example includes "source" as an entity, but in this case, the source is the GNR. Wait, in the example, "source" is included as an entity. But in the current input, the source is the GNR. So maybe "GNR" is the source, and "source" is also an entity. Wait, in the example, "source" is listed as an entity. Let me check the example again. The example input has "a Public Security Police source told Lusa." The output includes "a Public Security Police" and "source" as separate entities. So in this case, the GNR is the source, so "GNR" is an entity, and "source" is also an entity. But in the current input, the source is "the GNR," so "the GNR" is the source. So maybe "GNR" and "source" are both entities here. However, the example includes "source" as an entity, so I should include it here as well. Wait, but in the current input, the source is the GNR, so "the GNR" is the source. So "the GNR" is an entity, and "source" is another entity. But maybe "source" is a role here. However, the example includes "source" as an entity. So perhaps in this case, "source" is also an entity. 

But the input says "According to the GNR..." So the GNR is the source. So "GNR" is the organization, and "source" is the role. But in the example, "source" is included as an entity. So maybe in this case, "source" is an entity. However, the example's input had "a Public Security Police source told Lusa," and the output includes "a Public Security Police" and "source" as separate entities. So in this case, the GNR is the source, so "the GNR" is an entity, and "source" is another entity. But the input doesn't explicitly say "source" in the same way. Wait, the input says "According to the GNR..." So the GNR is the source, but the word "source" isn't used. Therefore, maybe "source" isn't an entity here. The example included "source" because the input had "a source told Lusa," but in this case, the input doesn't use the word "source," so maybe "source" isn't an entity here. Hmm, this is a bit confusing. 

Alternatively, maybe the user expects that any entity that is a role or a participant, even if not explicitly named as a role. For example, in the example, "the victim" is an entity even though it's a role. So in this case, the victim is the wife, but the text refers to her as "the victim," so that's an entity. The daughter is present, so she's a participant. The GNR is an organization. The man is an individual. 

So the entities would be:

- GNR (organization)
- the 47-year-old man (individual)
- the victim (role, but as an entity)
- his 46-year-old wife (individual)
- their youngest daughter (individual)

Additionally, the example included "the same source" as an entity. In this case, the source is the GNR, but the input doesn't mention "the same source," so maybe that's not applicable here. 

So compiling the list:

["GNR", 0.9], ["the 47-year-old man", 0.8], ["the victim", 0.7], ["his 46-year-old wife", 0.8], ["their youngest daughter", 0.7]

Wait, but the example included "the same source" as an entity. However, in this input, the source is only mentioned once as "the GNR." So maybe "source" isn't included here. 

Alternatively, maybe "the GNR" is the source, so "source" is an entity. But the input doesn't use the word "source," so that might be an overreach. The example included "source" when the input had "a source told Lusa," so in this case, since the input says "According to the GNR," the GNR is the source, but the word "source" isn't used. Therefore, maybe "source" isn't an entity here. 

So the final list would be the GNR, the man, the victim, the wife, and the daughter. Each with confidence scores. The confidence scores need to be between 0 and 1. For the GNR, high confidence (0.9). The man is clearly an individual (0.9). The victim is a role but mentioned as an entity (0.7). The wife is an individual (0.8). The daughter is an individual (0.7). 

I need to make sure that all participants are included. The daughter is present during the attacks, so she's a participant. The victim is the wife. The GNR is the organization reporting the incident. The man is the perpetrator. So that's all. 

Now, formatting as a JSON-parseable list with confidence scores.
</think>

[["GNR", 0.9], ["the 47-year-old man", 0.9], ["the victim", 0.8], ["his 46-year-old wife", 0.9], ["their youngest daughter", 0.7]]