<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given text based on the definition provided. Participants can be individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved or impacted by the event. The example shows that even phrases like "to engine" or "a stopped engine" are included, so I need to be thorough.

First, I'll read the input carefully. The sentence is: "In recent months, the statement points out, 'there has been an escalation of mistreatment, threats and physical attacks, as a result of which the victim and her daughter had to leave their residence, taking refuge in a family home'."

Looking for participants here. The main entities mentioned are "the victim" and "her daughter." These are individuals directly impacted by the events. Then there's "the family home" which is a place where they took refuge, so that's an entity involved. The "statement" is mentioned, but it's unclear if it's a specific entity or just a general reference. The example output included "source" and "the same source," so maybe "the statement" here is a participant. However, the example didn't include "statement" in their output, so maybe it's not considered a participant unless it's a specific entity. Wait, in the example, "source" was included as a participant. Here, "the statement" might be a participant if it's an entity, but the text doesn't specify who made the statement. So maybe it's not a participant here.

Next, "mistreatment, threats, and physical attacks" are actions, not participants. The "residence" they left is a place, but the example included "airport" and "airports" as participants. So "residence" and "family home" might be included. However, the example included "airport" as a participant, so maybe "residence" and "family home" are also participants here. 

Wait, the example output had "airport" and "at Humberto Delgado Airport" as separate entries. So in this case, "residence" and "family home" would be participants. Also, "the victim" and "her daughter" are clearly participants. 

So compiling the list: "the victim", "her daughter", "the family home", "the residence", "the statement" (if considered a participant). But the example didn't include "statement" in their output. Let me check the example again. The example input was about a plane landing, and the output included entities like "Plane", "engine", "airport", etc. The "statement" here is a bit ambiguous. If the statement is from a specific entity, like a government or organization, but the text doesn't specify. So maybe "the statement" isn't a participant here. 

Therefore, the participants are "the victim", "her daughter", "the family home", "the residence". Also, "mistreatment, threats, and physical attacks" are actions, not participants. 

Wait, the definition says participants can be entities that are impacted. The attacks are actions, but the entities involved in the attacks aren't mentioned. The victim and her daughter are the ones impacted. The family home is where they took refuge, so that's a participant. The residence is the place they left, so that's also a participant. 

So the entities would be: "the victim", "her daughter", "the family home", "the residence". 

Confidence levels: "the victim" and "her daughter" are definitely participants, so high confidence (0.95). "the family home" and "the residence" might be a bit more ambiguous, but since they are places involved in the event, maybe 0.8 each. 

So the JSON list would be:

[["the victim", 0.95], ["her daughter", 0.95], ["the family home", 0.8], ["the residence", 0.8]]
</think>

[["the victim", 0.95], ["her daughter", 0.95], ["the family home", 0.8], ["the residence", 0.8]]