<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence based on the definition provided. Participants are entities involved or impacted by the event. The example given includes things like "Plane," "engine," "airport," etc., with confidence scores.

First, I need to parse the input sentence: "The Criminal Instruction Court determined the coercive measures of removal from the residence and prohibition of contacting the victim in any form or means."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are likely the court, the victim, and possibly the person being removed (though they might not be explicitly mentioned). Let's look for nouns and noun phrases that represent entities.

"The Criminal Instruction Court" is clearly an organization involved in the decision. That's a participant. The "victim" is mentioned as someone being contacted, so they are impacted by the measures. The "coercive measures" themselves might be considered, but the definition says participants are entities involved or impacted. The measures are actions, not entities. 

"Removal from the residence" – the residence is a place, but is it an entity? The definition includes groups, organizations, individuals, etc. The residence might be a location, but maybe not a participant unless it's a specific entity. The example included "airport" as a participant, so maybe locations are included. However, in the example, "airport" was part of a larger phrase like "Humberto Delgado Airport," which is a specific entity. Here, "residence" is a general term, not a specific entity. So maybe not.

"Prohibition of contacting the victim" – the victim is an individual, so that's a participant. The court is an organization, so that's a participant. The "coercive measures" are actions taken, not entities. 

Are there any other entities? The sentence doesn't mention any other individuals or organizations. The victim is the only person mentioned, and the court is the organization. The "residence" is a place but not a specific entity. The "form or means" is a general term, not an entity. 

So the participants would be "The Criminal Instruction Court" and "the victim." 

Now, confidence scores. "The Criminal Instruction Court" is explicitly mentioned, so high confidence, maybe 0.95. "The victim" is also explicitly mentioned, so 0.9. 

Wait, the example included "source" and "the same source" as participants. In this case, the court is the one making the determination, so they are the actor. The victim is the one being protected, so they are impacted. 

I think that's all. Let me check again. No other entities. The measures are actions, not participants. The residence is a location but not a specific entity. So the final list should be those two.
</think>

[["The Criminal Instruction Court", 0.95], ["the victim", 0.9]]