<think>
Okay, let's tackle this task. The user wants me to extract all participants from the given sentence. First, I need to understand what a participant is according to the definition provided. Participants are individuals, groups, organizations, or entities involved in or impacted by an event. They can be explicitly mentioned or inferred.

Looking at the input sentence: "It also prohibited him from approaching the victim within a radius of 500 meters, imposing control over his movements using an electronic bracelet."

Breaking it down, the main entities here are "him" and "the victim." The sentence mentions a prohibition against approaching the victim, so both the person being prohibited (him) and the victim are participants. The electronic bracelet is a tool used for control, but it's an object, not an entity. The phrase "imposing control" is an action, but the subject here is the entity that imposed it, which might be a legal authority, but it's not explicitly mentioned. Since the sentence doesn't name any organizations or other entities, I should only include the explicitly mentioned ones.

Wait, the example output included "source" and "the same source" as entities. So even if "source" is a role, it's considered a participant. But in this case, the sentence doesn't mention any sources or organizations. The only participants are "him" and "the victim." However, "him" is a pronoun referring to a person, and "the victim" is another person. The electronic bracelet is an object, so it's not a participant. The radius of 500 meters is a measurement, not an entity. 

So the extracted participants should be "him" and "the victim." But I need to check if "prohibited him" implies an authority, like a court or law enforcement, but since it's not mentioned, I can't assume that. The example output included "source" as an entity even though it's a role. However, in this case, the sentence doesn't mention any such entity. Therefore, only "him" and "the victim" are participants. 

Confidence levels: "him" is a pronoun, so maybe 0.8, and "the victim" is explicitly mentioned, so 0.9. But wait, the example output had "the same source" as an entity. In this case, the sentence doesn't have any such entities. So the answer should be just those two. Let me make sure I'm not missing any other entities. The electronic bracelet is a tool, not a participant. The radius is a number, not an entity. So yes, only "him" and "the victim."
</think>

[["him", 0.8], ["the victim", 0.9]]