<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. The input is the sentence: "Segundo a fonte, a vítima teria entre 60 e 65 anos e estava a trabalhar no telhado." And the participants to classify are ["a fonte", "a vítima", "o telhado"].

First, I need to recall the classes: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. Wait, in the example given earlier, there were subcategories like Pl_capital, Pl_civil, etc., but maybe those are specific to the example. The user's instruction here says to use the main classes. Wait, looking back at the example output, they used classes like "Fac" for facility, "Pl_capital" for location (like Lisboa as a capital), "Pl_civil" for a place like Farnborough, and "Org" for organizations. But the user's current instruction says the classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So maybe in this case, I should stick to those main categories, not the subcategories from the example. Wait, but the example output had "Pl_capital" which might be a mistake or perhaps a different categorization. However, the user's current task says to use the classes listed: Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. So I need to use those.

So let's go through each participant:

1. "a fonte": In the sentence, "segundo a fonte" means "according to the source." A source is typically an organization or a person. But in this context, "fonte" is more likely an organization, like a news source or a reporting entity. However, if it's a person, like a witness, it would be a person. But since the example had "fonte" classified as "Per" (Person), but in the example, "fonte" was "Per" and "a mesma fonte" was also "Per". Wait, in the previous example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person), but in this case, the input is "Segundo a fonte", which could be a person or an organization. However, without more context, it's ambiguous. But in the previous example, "fonte" was considered a person. However, in the current input, the sentence is "Segundo a fonte, a vítima..." which might imply that "a fonte" is a person providing the information. But sometimes "fonte" can be an organization. However, given that in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per", maybe here it's also "Per". Alternatively, if it's a news source, it's an organization. But the example had "fonte" as "Per", so perhaps the user expects "Per" here.

2. "a vítima": Victim is a person, so that's clearly "Person".

3. "o telhado": That's the roof, which is an object. So "Object".

Wait, but in the example, "aeroporto" was classified as "Fac" (Facility). So "telhado" is a roof, which is a part of a building, so maybe "Object" is correct. Alternatively, if it's a location, but "telhado" is an object, not a location. So "Object".

So the classifications would be:

["a fonte", "Per"], ["a vítima", "Per"], ["o telhado", "Obj"]

But wait, in the previous example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" (Person), so here, "a fonte" would be "Per". However, if "fonte" is an organization, like a news agency, then it should be "Org". But without more context, it's safer to go with "Per" as in the example. But maybe in this case, "fonte" is a person. So I think that's the way to go.
</think>

[["a fonte", "Per"], ["a vítima", "Per"], ["o telhado", "Obj"]]