<think>
Okay, let's tackle this classification task. First, I need to go through each participant listed and determine which class they belong to based on the input text. The classes are Person, Organization, Object, Location, Nature, Facility, and Other. 

Starting with the first participant: "Um homem de 84 anos". That translates to "A man of 84 years old." Since this refers to a person, it should be classified as "Person".

Next is "Vila Maior". This is a place name. In the input, it's mentioned as the location where the accident happened. So, "Location" seems right. But wait, sometimes places can be classified as "Facility" if they're specific structures. However, "Vila Maior" sounds like a town or city, so "Location" is more appropriate.

Then "concelho de Santa Marta de Penaguião". "Concelho" is Portuguese for municipality. So this is a local administrative division, which is a type of location. So "Location" again.

"Distrito de Vila Real" – "Distrito" means district. That's also a geographical administrative division, so "Location".

"Fonte da GNR" – "Fonte" here means source, and "GNR" is the Portuguese National Republican Guard. The source is from the GNR, so this is an organization. But the phrase is "fonte da GNR" which is "source of the GNR", so the entity here is the source, which might be a person or an organization. However, since the GNR is an organization, and the source is from them, maybe it's a person. But the example given in the task had "fonte" classified as "Per" (Person) and "a mesma fonte" also as "Per". So maybe "fonte da GNR" is a person, so "Person". Wait, but in the example, "fonte" was classified as "Per" even though it's a source. So perhaps here, "fonte da GNR" is also a person, so "Person".

"GNR" is the National Republican Guard, which is an organization. So that's "Organization".

Let me double-check each one again. 

"Um homem de 84 anos" – Person. Correct.

"Vila Maior" – Location. Yes.

"Concelho de Santa Marta de Penaguião" – Location. Since it's a municipality, part of the administrative structure, so Location.

"Distrito de Vila Real" – District, which is a larger administrative area, so Location.

"Fonte da GNR" – The source is a person, so Person. Even though it's from the GNR, the source itself is a person. In the example, "fonte" was classified as Person, so same here.

"GNR" – Organization. Correct.

I think that's all. Let me make sure there are no other possible classifications. For instance, "concelho" and "distrito" are both administrative divisions, so definitely Location. "Fonte da GNR" is a person, not the organization itself. The GNR is the organization, so that's separate. All set.
</think>

[["Um homem de 84 anos", "Per"], ["Vila Maior", "Pl_city"], ["concelho de Santa Marta de Penaguião", "Pl_admin"], ["distrito de Vila Real", "Pl_admin"], ["fonte da GNR", "Per"], ["GNR", "Org"]]